

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

Log In

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: katekyou "alternate universe" sort:>words 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Comments Share Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Teen And Up Audiences 

Archive Warning:

        No Archive Warnings Apply 

Category:

        Gen 

Fandoms:

        Batman (Comics)DCU (Comics)Nightwing (Comics) 

Relationships:

        Batfamily Members & Dick GraysonDick Grayson & Bruce WayneCassandra Cain & Dick GraysonTim Drake & Jason ToddStephanie Brown & EveryoneDick Grayson & Jason ToddDick Grayson & Everyone 

Characters:

        Dick GraysonStephanie BrownCassandra CainJason ToddBruce WayneAlfred PennyworthBatfamily MembersTim DrakeDamian Wayne 

Additional Tags:

        Hurt/Comfort(re)Found FamilyIdentity IssuesDick Grayson is a TalonDick Grayson-centricBatfamily-centric (DCU)Medical TraumaPost-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSDPast Character DeathDick Grayson Has EDS | Ehlers Danlos SyndromeDissociationNeurodivergent Dick GraysonTrans Dick GraysonNeurodivergent BatfamilyRomani Dick GraysonDisabilityGood Sibling Dick GraysonFood IssuesChronic IllnessRecoveryHead InjuryAmerican Sign Languagetrying to excise the antisemitism from the court of owls plotlineJewish Batfamily (DCU)Fluff and AngstTrans Cassandra Caintheyre trans disabled and neurodivergent all the way down folksPOV Alternatingunreliable narrators: the seriesBruce Wayne is a Good Parentwell he works very hard to be oneImplied/Referenced Child AbuseJewish Dick Graysonmulti-faith batfamDissociative Memory Lossautistic shutdownHard of Hearing Jason ToddDeaf Bruce WayneJewish Bruce WayneAutistic Bruce WayneHemiparesis/HemiplegiaGastroparesisDick inhereted Bruce's adoption problemAutistic Tim DrakeAutistic Damian WayneDeconstructionImplied/Referenced Suicideslightly slow burn Bruce reunionTrans Bruce Wayne 

Language:
    English 
Series:
    ← Previous Work Part 2 of everyone takes turns (talon dick batfam au) 
Stats:

    Published:
        2023-01-18
    Updated:
        2025-01-18
    Words:
        43,108
    Chapters:
        14/?
    Comments:
        386
    Kudos:
        1,022
    Bookmarks:
        200
    Hits:
        25,419

a nest, a home; a flock, a family
TransSilver
Summary:

    Two things are true. One: he regrets leaving the Manor, leaving Bruce.

     

    Two: he doesn't want to go back, not yet.

     

    Independent for the first time as Birdie, he is determined to bring his family together. Too bad it keeps growing on him.

    or; the tragicomedy of errors of a former-talon Dick collecting family members and additional trauma like gashapon

Chapter 1: turn on the ghost light
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Two things are true. One: he regrets leaving the Manor, leaving Bruce. 

Two: he doesn't want to go back, not yet.

He makes himself as visible as someone reborn twice to shadows can be, knowing-without-knowing that Bruce will see—it's because of that that, as much as he wants to, as much as he aches for that warm familiarity, he doesn't go back to Jay's nest either. Besides, he still has the phone Jay gave him (not that Jay has answered—but he's fine, Red Hood has been active, he's alright).

Birdie hasn't been alone; yes, he moves without thought of a nestmate, but not-Before Steph makes visits: asks if he's "fed and watered," tells him about the "dumb shit" Tim has done in and out of suit, leaves a pack of safe foods and supplies at whatever hole he's nested in. "I get free sign-language lessons in return." Sometimes, birds or rats already occupy the spots he chooses. Steph helps him name the ones that aren't scared away (don't see his eyes and sense predator . In the maze, it gave in, pretended not to hear the desperate squeaks, pretended not to notice when they stopped, pretended not to taste and see and feel as it ate).

Even newer than Steph is the shadow who's circled a mirrored path to his—mirrored, but circling nearer—a blur in the periphery, a head tilted just so, the clenching and unclenching of fists. He's excited to meet them, when they're ready; they're small, but not young like Esme (Her Auntie is kind. He didn't eat it, but on his second pass of their home a small slice of pie was plated on the windowsill), maybe young like Timmy or Jay. Old (trained) enough that he doesn't need to rescue, not yet. 

Birdie thinks he'll wave the next time he sees them.

The next time comes a day after he's moved (it's dangerous to stay in most of the not-nests for longer than a couple days, but it's dangerous to move every day, too; best to keep his stays random, going by an instinct he can almost remember remembering learning). He's finished feeding the chunks he couldn't eat of the soup Steph brought him to the crow who actually nests here, an unfinished office space, still half-framing, when a head turning in their direction and staring through the construction plastic catches his eye. They're on the roof of a building about a story below him, form indistinct in ill-fitting clothes. 

The part of him that ran says hide , says unknown is dangerous , but the part of him that followed Red Hood into his nest on their very first meeting says give them a chance! It feels like something Dick would do, but it also feels right , and any of Birdie's half-memories aligning with his thoughts is an opportunity he'll take.

Movements slow, forcefully relaxed, he shuffles on his knees to where the plastic tarp meets finished wall and pulls the lower corner back, shivering at the Gotham air hitting him in full force. If he didn't know (it does) they were watching, the way they duck down at his movement confirms it—and as with the last time he was watched across rooftops, 

He waves. They duck away.

 

The cycle repeats a different day; noticing and being noticed, establishing line of sight, a wave. But this time, this time Birdie gets a wave back . It doesn't translate as smoothly into meeting on the roof as it did with Jay; Birdie has another meeting with Steph before he sees them again, and after exchanging waves they just. Sit there. He guesses that's what he did too, isn't it? Sit and wait for Jay to come to him. He has to be the one to move this time, doesn't he?

Birdie can do this ( Dick would do this ). A come-here motion could skirt too close to an Order, the likelihood of them understanding ASL too low—he wants to turn to Jay for encouragement, even considers sending another text (he still hasn’t answered. Bride knows he’s safe, but maybe he’ll check again (Is Jay mad? Red Hood is all fury, is cracking knuckles to break a nose—has Birdie really seen Jay since he left?).

One thing at a time . He thinks Dick had to tell himself that a lot, and smiles at the thought.

The shadow is watchful-fearful-curious like Talon was and wasn't (did it ever not feel—even feel less , like they said it must? Like trying to pinch a hose ). Curious and fearful battle in a body still poised to follow his every move, in eyes trained to interpret the smallest tick. Birdie slides down the scaffolding, drops the last five feet to the ground, and breaks his own watching to calculate a non-aggressive route up the shadow's building. 

It doesn't take long, metal window frames and gaps in brick letting him fly up, putting an extra rotation in his final flip up just for the feeling-memory of it. The shadow's eyes widen at that but their shoulders relax. Not fear—wonder?

Before he gets any further, they're suddenly whipping around, floating to the (closed, not abandoned) building's roof access door, unlocking, and stepping through without a word. A look, instead: anticipation, nerves, follow .

Birdie follows.

The shadow allows him at their back faster than Talon could, without the backward glances he thinks he'd still take now. (How did Jay feel, being trusted like this? How did Dick?).

( Like this; you felt like this )

He mirrors the shadow's anticipation (a shadow taking a clearer shape, now; dark hair long in the front, dark clothes baggy but fairly new, smaller than him but just as much whipcord muscle) as they descend. His past (pasts?) make it impossible not to be aware of the danger, of every way this can go wrong—just as impossible would be turning away a bird like him, someone broken and made and offering trust anyway.

So caught up in reading the shadow and his own disbelief, he doesn't hear the shifting of another person inside until they're down the stairs, walking down the hall to a cracked-open door.

Birdie freezes.

The shadow in front of him notices; freezes in kind, scans the hallway, then relaxes, turns to face him and stretches out a hand.

Instead of reaching (grabbing, clawing—) the hand… Forms shapes. 'S-A-F-E.'

The shadow repeats it twice, a young, shadowed, scarred face baring teeth in a quirked but real smile.

The Court wouldn't have allowed a tool to smile, not even to trick its target. The shadow screams trying-to-be-trying-to-be like it/he did, maybe still does (maybe less than he does). He knew they weren't Court before this, but he's beginning to think they aren't fresh like he (it) was when he found Jay/Jay found him; the shadow seems more unpracticed than scared.

Okay. Safe. He can give this trust to them, let them practice holding it.

Catching a flash of familiar blonde as the shadow pushes the door open, the weight of the moment washes away, replaced by a warm hiccup in his stomach, a feeling that could maybe push him to laugh. The shadow begins stiltedly explain his presence ('s-h-i-n-e eyes, n-i-c-e—') to a shocked Steph.

"Birdie??!" That bubbling maybe-laugh fights to escape him in a quiet huff, lips twitching in a smile as Steph continues. "Gaddamnit, y'fuckin' know each other? 'Course ya do, you know all a' Gothams birds don't ya."

' You know them?' he signs, pointing you at Steph and them at the shadow.

"Yup! Jealous y'ain't my only abandoned-buildings buddy?" Birdie can't help but watch the shadow's reaction to their back-and-forth: despite the limited signing they demonstrated, they're still reading Steph and Birdie's bodies more than the specific gesture-and-expression grammar of their ASL, and another small, lop-sided little smile lights their shadowed face. 

Steph follows his gaze, shines her own beacon-grin. "You laughin' at us, Cass?" Really, the signs Steph uses alongside her speech are pretty much Signed English, but considering the shadow(Cass, apparently)'s basic understanding of one or both of the languages, it might be the best. They certainly seem to pick up the gist, smiling just that tiniest bit wider and shaking their head. 

'Funny,' they sign, uneven fingers flicking their scrunched nose. 

Steph teases them back in that rough-but-light way of hers, even as she reaches out to grab Birdie’s hand, stretching out awkwardly far to reach him without moving her whole body into his space. (Steph may not watch people and see like Birdie and Shadow-Cass, but she does learn, know ; he doesn’t know quite how she does it yet. He’s hoping to learn soon). He lets her pull him with her to sit on the concrete window sill. “How’d she nab ya’ Birdie?”

‘Nabbed each-other, I-think. Remember the-two-cats?’ He doesn't have to say more; the saga of the two stray cats circling each other outside his second temporary nest fueled more than one sign language lesson. Cass wouldn't know, though . 

Once again, it's time for Birdie to build a way of communicating with someone new—Cass seems eager to learn, at least, when he offers (eager, in general, quieter but just the same as Steph). It feels a little silly, sitting in a circle of chairs in an empty office building, giving lessons he feels more than remembers, forming expressions that feel so big and new on a face he’d kept still to survive. Sometimes a sign is accompanied by giggles (from Steph), or snorts (from Cass and Birdie. And also sometimes Steph). Somehow they end up moving their circle to the floor, sitting cross-legged, Birdie feeling the heat of the others near him.

It’s nice. 

Cass is a more focussed learner than Steph, or less easily distracted, the determined scrunch of her face throwing off the meaning of some of her signs; and she takes correction without any of the groaning or good-natured arguing Steph is fond of. She is slower to adapt, needing a few more repetitions of corrections, struggling with stringing more than two or three signs together. Every success gets a driven nod and request for more, every ‘good-job’ once she understands it earns a flushed grin. 

He wonders, feeling less disconnect because of it than usual, if Dick taught eager birds like this. Probably, but he wouldn’t mind if it was just his, either.

—

Getting Shiny-eyes kind-man (bird? 'Birdie?') to follow to the safe place with S-t-e-p-h is easier than Cass had worried (She's not stupid, can see the danger-submit-fight he wears even as he tries to be Open like Steph, tries to give her echoes of smiles and laughs. He made an effort, continues to make efforts to connect with her; she wonders what she’s done to earn it).

In a way, he’s not as independent as she is. From the certain way his head tilts and body warms when Steph calls him Birdie, she thinks it’s a name someone gave him, one he holds like a gift. He didn’t choose a name like Cass did—well, he did choose it, by accepting it. Just not from a pretty book he’d seen in a store window. Words mean too many things, sometimes.

Steph, two visits after her first, had started showing videos on her phone of ASL, and they tried their best to learn together; as unsure as he sometimes looks, Birdie is a lot more helpful of a teacher (not than Steph , teaching how to ask for things and laugh while smiling and to admit when you are hurt—“ Maaaybe I shouldn’t be out ‘til the stitches dissolve, but look what I found!” —just better than Youtube). Less easily distracted than Steph, but the blond has managed to pull him into a few conversations Cass has to follow more by her language than by what’s signed and spoken. 

Any time a sign with tiny flapping wing-hands or ‘pecking’ finger and thumb in front of the mouth is made by either of them, Birdie is a flower turning to sun, eager to the point of anxious to discuss who must be his Important People. She doesn’t mind missing out on confusing face ‘grammar’ if he’s getting what he needs.

(It’s not that she doesn’t have Important People, or never has; she’s lived without, alone long enough to know that alone she can survive, but can’t live —be a person, a good one like 8-years-old-am-I-real her wanted. 

She needs people, but she doesn’t need them like she thinks Birdie does. 

She does like being needed.)

When Birdie is the one to interrupt the lesson, she isn’t surprised to see little-wings come up; eager-flower-anxious now turned more eager-anxious-desperate. Steph’s voice bounces up and down as she answers, body shifting hiding-hard-truth. Oh. She doesn’t want to tell him something about his person.

‘Little-wings O-K?’ Cassandra asks (Steph shortened it to Cass, with her permission—maybe Birdie is closer to her than she thinks).

Steph sighs, body sags as mouth smiles tight-lipped. “He’s safe,” she says. For how long? her body counters. There’s a danger, then, but one Steph doesn’t want weapon-as-she-was Birdie to think about. Something he can’t change, then? Or something he’s not ready to handle?

Birdie picks up on the protection-avoidance the same as she does, signing a question with his own protective-worry (and that anxious-eager- need ). Cass thinks for the first time that he’s probably older than Steph, older than her, maybe older than this little-wings. Yet he seems… New, in a way (eight and knowing that it was wrong , and knowing that there is more for the first time). New and old and born and made. He’s very easy to read, he just says a lot at once.

“Look, I get it—you wanna look afta your little bro,” bro? Brother. Family . The Important-real-loving kind. “But little bro two has it covered!” Body sinks, tired-unsure-determined. “I… I know how it is, ta build yourself on bein’ the right thing for the right person. You need this time bein’ you , yeah?” Body lifts, swinging help-relax-warm in a friendly motion; “You know that—s’why you ain’t seein’ Bossman yet.”

Birdie shrinks (hiding behind his wings, she thinks with an inside-smile) a little at that, embarrassed-not done-fond, signs something ‘check’ something ‘little something-like-bird’—he still wants to check on him? Them? Cass would want to check on Important Family like that too.

Another body-sinking sigh, tired-happy-sad; “Hows about ya wait another day? Then it’ll be two weeks—well, scludin’ all the times you window watched his new place. Deal?”

His body unhappily-fondly agrees, hands spreading and moving (‘Deal,’ she assumes).
Notes:

    dick grayson playlist

     

    EDIT 29-1: realized I should mention that I have fucked up wrist/hand disease atm so writing is slow even by my standards

    sibling gained: steph!
    sibling gained: cass!

    welcome back! life happened et cetera but i finally eeked this chapter out! slightly more plot in this installment, but delivered at the same slow comfort-filled pace you've come to expect

    so many characters to introduce,,,, we're just gettin started they put too many dang vigilante children in this family for dick to adopt

    vibrating in excitement for some of the reveals that are coming

    next up: Little Wing is doing Just Fine (if you ignore the body count)

Chapter 2: (it's okay if) nobody waits for me
Summary:

    warning for a dead body just kinda, sitting there, as well as dissociative/depressive symptoms, and some brief child abuse references

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Shaking the kickback out of his arm, Jason kicks at the body to be sure another shot isn't needed, before throwing a middle finger behind him. Some part of him that isn't anger and emerald betrayal feels guilty killing in front of the kid, but it's not like he's given Jason much choice ( There's always a choice, Jaylad ).

"Quit followin' me Bat-Brat." He chances a look at Tim—blank and stable as always, but those hands smoothing down his untouched suit once, twice, again—and looks away. Not fresh to death then, but still green (what, do you want him to be like you? See more death than a coroner before his thirteenth birthday? Not satisfied encouraging murder in Birdie, gotta hope a kid gets just as fucking numb as you are?) .

Tim’s voice is flat as always. “If your self-destruction didn’t have a body count, I might listen. Not that I’d stop, but I’d listen.” His response follows the script that’s built up in the past (week? Two? Fuck if he knows what month it is); Jason says fuck off, Tim snarks back a no, Jason storms off and they both pretend the little genius doesn’t know exactly where he’s storming off to. 

What never gets a real response is: “Why?” The first time he caught him, Jason was sure he was just following orders, Bruce keeping an eye on the rogue agent now that the Golden Child is back in the fold—but just like their first fight on the rooftop, it’s clear that Red Robin wants to handle Red Hood on his own.

Asking it this time, it almost looks like the kid will give a real answer. There’s something worn thin about him, like if he ripped that domino off he’d be greeted with the same dark circles his own helmet hides (the same scared, sad, betrayed guilty eyes), shoulders sagging under a weight or being pulled down yet refusing to fully fall. The kid looks tired.

( You’re one to talk; what day do you think it is? When did you last shower? There’s blood on your knuckles but you can’t remember why.)

“Before I learned about Dick?” Tim starts; “You were a curiosity. Clearly Gotham-raised yet you came from out of country,” he wants to yell how do you know that even as it makes more sense than anything else right now—of course the little creep would know shit about him. “Building up power rapidly and making graphic threat displays—until it all stops. For a stranger.” The kid takes a step closer (the body’s still warm). “Except he’s not a stranger, is he?”

Another step. Face-to-helmet. “He’s family, isn’t he? Jason?”

( “We’re family, aren’t we?”

“Of course, Little Wing. Of course.” )

—

‘Cheater.’

Steph gasps dramatically, slapping a hand to her chest: “Lies and slander!” Even if Birdie hadn’t seen her sliding cards into her sleeve, he’d know by how she makes a production of it now. Not that she wouldn’t make one if she was innocent, too, but she’s too competitive (as he learned from an active game of Slaps) not to have some genuine anger if she were being falsely accused.

She’d been heavy-handed enough that Cass caught it too (he’d almost say she did it on purpose, to make him or Cass laugh, but she does seem a little put-out at being caught underneath the fake outrage), and Steph seems to understand that no one will come to her defense, sagging just as dramatically. “Fiiine. To be fair though, I’m pretty sure ya use four players in normal Bridge rules—we’s already bendin’ ‘em.”

Birdie hums at that, tilting his head to consider. ‘If we-all get-to sneak-cards, then fair.’ Cass taps his thigh lightly with her finger, and he breaks down some of what he said into a miming with less traditional ASL grammar until she nods to show she understands, sending a thumbs-up of agreement to Steph.

Whose face splits into a feral grin; “Oh, you guys are way betta than the Bat-Brigade to play cahds with. Well, ‘cept Alfred, he’s a beast at Piquet.” Birdie’s head pops up at her mention of the butler (but he’s more, isn’t he? Family?). 

‘A-Teacup, how-is he?’ And how is Jay , he doesn’t add, knowing he’ll get a stern look from Steph that she’ll probably recruit Cass into mirroring. 

Steph blows a raspberry. “Mad at me, fa one—he figured out that I was sneakin’ you canned soups and ‘bout had a fit, cooked up three batches each of what he said you used ta ask for when you was sick.” Huh. ‘Being sick’ has a dramatic context in his recent (available) memory, but sick-soup-Alfred brings up a tired and small but warm feeling. 

It’s nothing concrete; he hasn’t had memories of specific events from Before in a while, yet he’s been able to access a lot of the skills and experience he must have gained before the Court as he moves around these few blocks of the city. Teaching Steph, and now Cass, has a similar level of ease, comfort. It feels right , like tumbling on the roof, like being wrapped in a blanket, like peanut butter sticking to the roof of his mouth. He’s not safe-warm like staying with Jay, but has a confidence that lends its own kind of safety.

‘Where’s the-soup?’ he asks. It gets a laugh from Steph, tossing her cards in the air, and a smile from Cass, who cocks her head in the direction of Steph’s worn canvas bag.

The soup is passed around in little plastic bowls, and Birdie pretends it’s warm as he breathes in. It’s mainly fish, cut in small pieces in a thin creamy broth, pepper and onion wafting together ( ‘See, kuşum? Better the next day, just like I told you’ ). He sips at it and tastes safe-warm-small. He tastes it and remembers that Jay had made him soup at the Tower, and Birdie left. 

‘Maybe A-Teacup and Little-Wing should cook-soup together.’ His suggestion comes more on impulse than thought, but Steph doesn’t make that exasperated frown he’d expected.

Instead, she tilts her head a little how he does, considering and at the same time hesitant (what is wrong with Jay you’d tell me if something was wrong right—). “I could run it by Timmy, I guess,” she settles with a shrug.

‘Why guess?’ He signs, letting some of his frustration show; ‘why tell-me not to-see-him?’ Birdie almost regrets it for the way Cass tenses in response. Talking around things just… bugs him. Jay learned pretty quickly (this time) to avoid it with him, speak plainly. From what he knows of Steph, she defaults to the same, and he thinks that’s what’s making her so uncomfortable when he asks about Jay, but she can fix that by just being honest!

“Tim’s watchin’ ‘im! And he’s got it—” just as soon as Steph’s defensiveness explodes, it blows away, leaving her sagging over. Suddenly, she looks too tired and torn for how young she is, and Birdie has another split second of regret (maybe we’re all too young for this). She’s watching the floor. “Look; Little Wing has been a lot more Red Hood than he was with you. As bad as he was in the beginning.”

This, he understands, is not her talking around it, trying to avoid upsetting him. While he may not have been fully aware (fully a person) for his early time with Jay, he did observe enough to know the obvious: the Red Hood kills. He thinks that knowledge might have upset him Before—well, it still upsets him now, because killing to Birdie, to Talon, was weapon and order and Masters, was losing your self just a little more—a moral sort of upset, a grief at the lost potential for growth from anyone, no matter how terrible.

He thinks that part of Dick stopped being part of him as soon as Cobb tried to stop his escape. Birdie doesn’t like killing, would prefer to never do it again, but he can’t judge it.

‘More reckless? Injuries? Is Baby-Bird making him rest?’ More questions threaten to spill over his hands, things he hasn’t felt able to send over text, questions Steph probably doesn’t have answers for (questions he’s not sure even Jay has answers for: are you okay, do you still feel whole, will I wrap my wings around you and not find emptiness in my arms?).

“You’re seein’ him tomorrow, ain'tcha? Ask him.”

—

These past two weeks have thrown Tim right back to twelve-going-on-thirteen, to taking four connecting buses to Bludhaven to beg Robin to fix it only to learn he had to become Robin. Had to step up.

Tim is very familiar with violently depressed men trying to take the world out with them (Tim, at eight, before he’d taken his first trip into Gotham’s nightlife, was familiar with violent men; in words if not actions). Familiar with redirecting them, with staying close while keeping necessary distance, with observing the threats they’re too wrapped up in their self-loathing to care to notice. It’s not an easy position, or a safe one, but he’s equipped for it. He is.

Yes, Jason isn’t as calculating, does less investigating, has less equipment than Bruce (yes, he makes people face down the barrel of a gun, not a taser or batarang or gauntleted fist), but they fall apart in the same way. Taking hits they could have dodged, rushing into things alone, restraining themselves less and less until blood stains the street.

(Maybe Jason’s death did the same thing to Jason that it did to Bruce. Maybe this family is just good at hurting and getting hurt.)

It’s easy to tell that Jason is surprised at Tim’s reveal of his identity, even as that surprise seems to come on a delay, reaction time slowed—dissociative, probably; Jason’s been spending less time aware as this goes on, sucked up in anger and memories and what makes his eyes glow unnatural green (Tim can guess; had even looked into it as a possibility for Dick before the still-unknown Gotham cult brought him back. Killed him. Brought him back).

Tim has tried dancing around his knowledge, leaning more on the new connection Jason and Birdie formed when trying to convince Jason to stop and sleep if nothing else. It hasn’t worked; sometimes, blunt is the necessary approach, even as you have to brace for impact.

Are Jason’s tremors exhaustion, a trauma response, the cold cutting through the leather jacket he’s let be torn and sliced? Trying to read tone in his helmet-modulated voice is like trying to get Bruce to use his walker. It doesn’t hide the shake in his voice though; “S-so what, you tryna keep me alive so I come back to Br-the Bat and we’re all one big happy vigilante family? Cause I got news—”

Best to cut this off before the fear of betrayal makes his paranoia more pronounced: “Batman doesn’t know. I could have told him any time from the Tower to now, and I didn't. Whatever you think your relationship with him is, what you want to do with it—that’s your business.” A lesson he learned from trying to bring Dick back to Robin. Besides, if Leslie thought seeing a Dick that didn’t remember Bruce would kill him, Tim’s pretty sure seeing a Jason that only remembers not to trust him would do it just as well. “But Dick, Birdie? He’s your brother now . A brother who still texts you, still checks up on you; who didn’t leave you for Bruce, but to learn about what they took from him.

“And he’s my brother too, so—so you have to take care of yourself for him.” It isn’t nerves necessarily that get the best of him by the end, more—more the confusing ball of emotions Kon’s done his best to poke at since becoming the second person to know about Jason, not just Red Hood. Someone who is, by extension, family; someone whose death brought Tim to the family; someone Tim intentionally replaced, stole the relationship with Bruce Jason clearly believes he can no longer have. 

Yet he’s pretty sure Jason doesn’t hate him, something he really has every right to. Even now, with their exchanges somehow more tense than that first rooftop confrontation, Red-Hood-who-hurts-everyone doesn’t want to hurt him. He applies this innocence of childhood to Tim that Tim doesn’t understand (almost wishes he does).

And he likes that Jason doesn’t hate him, likes this version of his childhood hero’s acceptance, no matter how hardened and wrong. Maybe Birdie isn’t the only person he wants Jason to take care of himself for.

Unless he’s making an expression under the helmet, Jason doesn’t seem inclined to respond. That’s okay. Tim didn’t expect him to.

—

Steph leaves shortly after their sleight-of-hand friendly game of Bridge, citing homework with a roll of her eyes that is so Little Wing it hurts, and while he’d like to spend more one-on-one time getting to know Cass, Birdie follows her out, needing some time to himself to sort out how he feels about visiting Jay tomorrow.

(And isn’t that strange, to want time alone when it-and-he spent so long wanting the company of anyone who wouldn’t hurt.)

Cass doesn’t seem put-out, swiping one of the extra containers of soup from Steph’s bag with a hesitant-turned barely-cheeky smile; looking in the bag for a few more seconds, she studies Birdie, then looks to Steph: ‘I-give-him a-blanket?’ Birdie feels a new sort of tender pride seeing that the grammar of give has clicked for her.

Steph insists they each take a blanket. Cass hands Birdie one, plush and robin-red with bird tracks running across it, and takes the black one with white bats on it for herself. He’s glad Cass will understand his gratitude from his body alone.

Blanket stuffed safely in his pack (yet another gift), he sets out to find a high, clear space. There’s a certain anonymity, flying high in the shadows of dusk. Up here, he’s just another bird, free in the air.

If he adds in a flip or two (a twist, a double somersault, pirouette, angel, birdie, fantastic my little robin! ), only the other birds see.

He eventually settles a few blocks away from the Wayne Enterprise Tower, on the roof of a lower high-rise, keeping its glowing W in his sight line. 

“You know, when I saw the double-u for the first time, I thought: what jerk put that there? Then I learn it’s this rich jerk’s initial —”

“Yeah yeah, laugh it up chum,” Bruce snarks back, a smile in his eyes as he ruffles his hair. He squawks in response, ducking behind Bruce’s width as he debates whether his plan should be one of escape,or retaliation.

Deciding on a mix of both, he hops high enough to grasp Bruce’s shoulders and vaults up onto them (Bruce’s arms reach up to stabilize him like it’s instinct. Neat). “Ha! So anyway, imagine my surprise when who shows up at my juvie cell but that same jer—gah!”

Apparently Bruce wasn't as considerate as he thought; those big arms flip him over Bruce’s head and hang him upside down in front of him. Before he can do more than flail in the hold, one of Bruce’s scarred hands shifts to hold him by the legs, the other moving to his tummy—

“Hahaha!! St-sto-hah-op! Lemme-haha-lemme go!!” He tries half-heartedly to escape from the tickling ambush.

Bruce’s upside-down face is grinning wider, warmer than he’s ever seen, a matching chuckle in his voice; “I thought my Robin wanted to laugh?”

If Jay has been remembering Bruce like this, for however long since he was remade, Birdie can almost understand not trusting it. Not trusting that it could be real, could stay; that someone could care for him so completely without wanting something he can’t give.

Little Wing didn’t have a Jay to care for him like Birdie did, but he does have brothers. Time alone has been good for Birdie, but Jay doesn’t have that foundation to know that the care will come back. Birdie will always come back for his Little Wing.
Notes:

    memory unlocked: good dad bruce! listen he loves his kids!
    brother dynamic upgraded: tim and jay!

    EDIT: removed vlax romani language use in chapter; i have learned that in several roma communities, the language is considered a mostly closed practice. replaced with turkish for "my bird"

    (info that will probably never become relevant in this fic considering dick’s memory but lead to the soup description: his mom is from Cyprus! Ive also changed her name to Maria in my head)

    steph+cass+dick unstoppable trio change my mind
    steph’s ambiguous gothamite accent continues to please me to no end. Im shoving jersey and bronx and long island in there and you guys just have to consume it

    you can tell my dependency on parenthesis has returned with a vengeance lmao

    I love this family of unreliable narrators <3

    next up: meetings, and Cass takes on one of the family hobbies

Chapter 3: why does everybody need me to stay?
Summary:

    warnings: negative self talk? dissociation? autistic shutdown for sure but otherwise, the usual

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

What do you say to someone when you hurt them, but you still think what you did was right? 

( A flash. The smell of smoke and sulfur. 'I'm sorry Little Wing. Yitgadal v'yitkadash sh'mei raba…' )

No apologies; not today. It’s a precious rarity to feel he did nothing wrong, and Birdie will defend it—surely he can do that and still take care of Jay. It feels new in a way blankets didn’t, not new to Birdie (to Talon), but new to the whole of him. Compromise and concession seem synonymous now and in his Before. 

He’s working on a lot of new things. He dreamed of reaching for hands bigger than his.

Birdie decides to send a short text letting him know he’ll stop by today (he still doesn’t know if Jay has read the others. Birdie likes to think he has, that they helped even a little). In the process he sees the time—5:33 a.m. There’s time before it then, an open maw of time.

He’s gotten… better, at occupying that time on his own. Steph reminding him of card games helped (even if he keeps losing at Solitaire), and the new-old feeling of flying across the city’s roofs can take up hours, a day if he’s not careful. Reception hasn’t been consistent enough for him to download any more documentaries, and wading into unknown YouTube videos on his own seems unwise.

Visiting Esme maybe? A quick check up, at least; he’s observed her adjusting to her aunt’s house, happy and safe and nested like a kid should be, but he’d promised to meet her again, hadn’t he? In pressing their foreheads together, in accepting the name she gave him and Jay made his? 

But she’s happy. Safe. Nested. She isn’t his . Dick Grayson behind him and Birdie ahead seem in agreement that that’s something he shouldn’t unsettle. ( “I know I’m a poor example of it, chum, but when they’re safe you have to let go.” )

(And maybe he remembers her fear seeing him in the testing room. And maybe he remembers Cobb’s head, slick and growing cold in his hand as he held her with the other arm. Maybe it’s okay to let go for him, too. To not be reminded.)

He settles on the roof of a garden shop. It’s lower than his usual, not quite the free open air of the developing skyscrapers he’s favored, but the worn brick through the soles of his shoes, through his pajama pants as he sits cross-legged atop it. It’s nice. Seeing people walk out with flowers and bulbs and weighed down by soil. Seeing and smelling plants , so rare in the grays and reds of Gotham. He wonders if he’s ever had a plant. 

Three gardeners and seven bouquet orders walk in and out below him before red-black-white flashes two roofs away.

When his Baby Bird flies to him, his moves are delayed, just enough; his grapple aim just left; his arm jerking at each swing as if unprepared. His Timmy? Unprepared? 

‘What’s wrong Baby-Bird?’ Following the worrying trend, Timmy starts in surprise at Birdie’s signs, still a little unsteady from his landing. His Robin suit (so much darker than—Jay’s? Dickie’s? My little Robin —) seems to catch in places, his domino hastily applied, his gloved fingers pick-pick-picking like he could dig through the kevlar composite to nails and bleeding skin. 

“Wrong? I wouldn’t say wrong, exactly,” Timmy placates (fingers still picking), murmurs a softer exactly, exactly . Birdie wants to grab his hands, cradle them; pick him up in his wings and cradle the whole of him. “It’s just—maybe you should delay the meeting with Red Hood? A day, maybe?” maybe, maybe , maybe maybe . Birdie knows what this is—the more destructive stims, the repetition—but it’s fuzzed by a sour feeling in his gut.

‘That’s why you-came? To warn - me away from Jay?’ If Jay were hurt, Timmy would lead with that; first Steph, now Timmy? Yes, he’s still worried about his Baby Bird, but this managing of Jay like a dangerous thing ( a weapon a weapon ) makes him shiver with protective-anger-offense. 

Timmy startles again, hurt hunching his tired shoulders—instantly, the ugly feeling is halved. His Baby Bird is worn . He’s worn, and he’s been looking after his Little Wing while Birdie gets to look after himself. Something in him knows that Timmy hasn’t gotten to look after himself since before they met.

“I’m not, not trying to warn, I just— Dick, I don’t know if I can keep this together .”

And his Baby Bird falls apart.

“Bruce I can—I can’t keep doing this! If I sleep, if I leave, if I-I blink how do I know you’re safe?” He pants like his life is ending, and it is, it really is—

Hands on his shoulders (awkward but warm). “You… You don’t have to worry, chum, I can take care of myself.’

He hits out at that stupid, big, warm chest; “But you don’t! That’s why you need Robin, need me !” Those hands grab at his flailing arms.

“Di—Dick, sweetheart you don’t, you shouldn’t have to—”

“I do! I do have to, cause you’re my fa-my family, and family takes care of each other, and I don’t want you to die .” It all comes choking, gagging out, tears and snot and so much fear.

Hands that are big and warm and are shaking just like he is come to wrap around him, squeezing too hard and not hard enough. “Oh chum,” something wet hits the top of his head, “I-I haven’t taken care of you, have I?”

Dick, Birdie, reaches out his arms, remembers-without-remembering to touch with firm pressure rather than light. ‘Let me-help, Baby-Bird. Let’s take-care-of-you first.”

—

After that first message Dickie left, Jason hasn’t unlocked his phone (the no-work phone, that only Dickie has the number of. Not that he’s looked at the work phone either). He’s not sure if he’s charged it, not sure how long it’s stayed in his pants pocket, not sure if he’s changed pants since then—it vibrates (it did right? He’s not just shaking?) so he must have charged it.

He fails to unlock it by fingerprint, hands unsteady, finger smearing blood and grease over the sensor. Fuck, he wishes he was naïve enough to have chosen a four-character password; the phone clatters to the metal grate as he locks himself out for the fifth time. Why are you even trying? Just keep ignoring him, he’ll move on, they’ll all leave you behind again—

When will his brain shut up (except for when it shuts off, checks out from his body like even his mind can’t stand to be around him). He knows what he’s thinking isn’t fair to Dickie, knows Tim was right to call him out on ignoring him like he has, but the betrayal-hurt-anticipating more hurt won’t leave , not when he’s aware enough to feel it. 

His swirling pit of lashing loathing can only poison him for so long before it splashes onto others. (And is that why he can’t stop the thoughts? Because even if he pushes back, he can’t help but believe them when they say he should stay away.)

Maybe it’s selfish to answer, to cling to the first person after he died that made him feel like a person (the first person since Catherine died to make him feel like a kid); but it’s selfish to keep putting it off, too. If nothing else, Dickie deserves a proper goodbye.

His thumb catches on a crack in the screen as he picks it back up, wipes off rainwater and spreads more blood.

Three more tries, scraping his ripped up brain for clearer numbers, and he gets in.

Something young and desperate not to disappoint in him sinks as he scrolls through Dickie’s messages; short check-ins, the occasional blurry picture of a pigeon, a link to a documentary on bluejays, and the most recent.

from Birdbrain: seeing you today! stay safe Little Wing

He knows. Tim probably told him just how awful you are, everybody you’ve dropped, how you’re dirty and disgusting. 

Jason types for minutes, hours. He sends a thumbs-up. Debating whether washing up is even worth it ( Dick will know regardless. He’ll see it on you ), he climbs back into the current safehouse from the fire escape. It isn’t messy, if only because it’s empty; empty cabinets, empty rooms, no furniture except the cot he’s backed against the window (gray except for the blood he tracks in). The weapons are the only sign he lives is here.

(Has Dickie-bird eaten? Should Jason make something? The closest store probably doesn’t have what he would eat—

It’s for the best. He would taste the blood.)

As he wars between scrubbing the floor and shooting a hole in it, his leg vibrates again. And again.

from Birdbrain: change of plans: meet me [Birdbrain has shared their location]

from Birdbrain: bring blankets please!!

from Birdbrain: maybe bing food? baby-bird safe ones

from Birdbrain: *Baby Bird

He’s almost thrown out of his body, it’s so surreal. Here he is, tearing into himself and soaking in his own toxic miasma, reeking of death and broken promises—and Dickie is inviting him to a Robins Slumber Party on top of a garden supply store. 

(Isn’t that just what Dick does? Did. Is this a sign of the old Dick’s radical joy; or Birdie-turn-Dickie’s love of nesting in blankets, of family. 

Does it matter? It shouldn’t, yet it does, his brain grasping for a normal he’s never had, for some constant between his first life and this as if it will help. As if he deserves help.)

Jason doesn’t know what food is safe for Tim (and why does he hurt at that, as if it’s something he should know, should have asked). He knows what Birdie—what Dickie can eat, but that’s not his place anymore, not his job. Dickie is trusting him to do this, though, which means it shouldn’t be left up to guesswork. He sends a message asking, gets one back moments later (ten minutes later according to the timestamp. Fuck).

Digging through his pockets for his keys, Jason stops; should he really be riding right now? When his grasp on where and when he is loosens whenever an emotion bubbles up too strong for his broken brain to handle, it doesn’t seem. Safe? Responsible? Things he isn’t anyway, but things Birdie had trusted him to be, things Dickie is asking him to be again. 

He’ll walk. For Dickie (for “Baby Bird” Tim, running himself ragged trying to save another walking corpse), he’ll walk. 

—

Tim is. A lot of feelings he can’t identify right now (what did the handout say? Feeling nauseous, clenching teeth, dizziness—what feeling is that? What feeling hollows you out and leaves something young and small and needy). The one he’s sure of, distantly, is embarrassment; somewhere above the everything, he sees the way he curls into, rocks with Birdie, hums broken as water gathers in his eyes. 

Birdie hums too, a soft, warbling thing that's everything and nothing like Dick. How does caring still come so easy to him? (The arms around him, squeezing and twitching to try to maintain a pressure that is comforting and not crushing, tell him it isn’t, not really; Birdie just tries, how Tim has to stop trying right now.) Maybe what Tim feels right now is giving up, letting himself be small and held. Maybe he’s just tired.

The arms around him tense—well, the person around him tenses, then relaxes more than he was before. What would make Birdie tense then relax? Tim distantly tries to theorize, mostly just thinking tired-rest-enough. He at least hopes it's a good surprise.

One of the arms around him lets go, which he decides is not good at all . Selfish Tim, needy Tim—oh now you want touch? Whatever the arm shook to do is ended, Birdie croons in the chest Tim's ear is pressed to, both arms, just a little tighter and then it's safe .

Crunching grit on concrete. A buzzing, a voice, someone's here probably someone dangerous probably someone Tim can't save—Birdie hums and coos and rocks him gently, side-to-side, to the rhythm of a tune his cracking throat (does it hurt, to make noise? Tim gets that, sometimes). He thinks maybe Dick-as-Nightwing hummed it once, on a rainy patrol night. With Birdie, he gets to feel it through his whole body, gets to be wrapped in humming and warmth and pressure, and he doesn’t have to think about what crunching grit and a new voice means.

The new voice gets louder than the humming, for a second, then gets quiet and wet just as quick. Birdie gives a mournful croon, one hand shifting before the humming returns. Shifting, the grit is shifting as well as crunching, and then it stops, and there’s plastic crinkling and he digs his face into Birdie (stranger-brother-hero-victim) like he can burrow inside, right to his vocal chords and hear and feel only humming. 

Because Dick in any form understands , Birdie hums a little louder to cover up the noise, and then the crinkling stops and a sharp smell hits his nose, makes the eye not pressed into Birdie’s sweater (Jason or Steph must have gotten him the good thrifted kind, wool worn enough to not itch) open. And.

And maybe tears are happening, because held in a calloused, rubbed-raw hand are three cream-white wedding mints.

And Birdie’s hands are gloved and wrapped around him. And attached to the calloused hand is a brown leather jacket with matching scratches and scorch marks, leading up to a neck and a face (scarred, and gaunt, and matching) with an older version of the same domino he wears.

And Tim knows he shouldn’t, knows it should always be him taking care of them , but he lets his (please be) brothers take care of him.

—

Wayne Manor isn’t as ugly as the other buildings that call themselves Manors. It doesn’t fight the plants, demand to stay clean and untouched by Gotham; it feels older than it is, maybe is older than it is.

Cassandra thinks stiff-upper-lip ‘Alfred’ does a good job looking after it. She was glad to see other workers than him, though. No one in the Manor seems to get much rest.

She likes the Manor for its trees, letting her sit in comfortable invisibility without feeling not-there, getting to watch through some of the Manor’s grand windows. 

She doesn’t see a lot of ‘Bruce’. She thinks he likes the shadows; like her, like Birdie. That’s something she can’t see from the trees. 

Steph probably knows how to see further inside, knows what ‘Alfred’ needs to hear to grant entry, but Cass thinks reading shadow-man ‘Bruce’ needs to be done from the shadows, too.

With Steph and Birdie (friends? Family? Important People) going into this Manor and being with this ‘Bruce’, it’s best to be sure. To be safe.

Cass can read that.
Notes:

    back! amazingly wasnt bad life things for once, i took a trip to a big city with my friend bc they got into a grad program there! however traveling more disabled than ive ever been was... interesting

    hebrew in the beginning is quoted from a romanization of the mourner's kaddish; it may not be traditional to say for a lost sibling, but i think dick would cling to a way to positively, productively move on from his mourning (to still be of use to his family, especially once Tim is in the picture), which is something saying the mourner's kaddish (to my gentile understanding) can signal/provide. If you want me to get into my faith headcanons for all of the batfam,,,, yeah that might end up happening whether you want it or not listen i may not have a belief system but i think most of them do! don't talk to me about the fucked up cult my-grandfather-is-god religion damian is carrying tho i'll cry

    memory regained: bruce learning he needs to make his best better (he learns this many times)

    jason: i need to cut clean from birdie, dick, whoever the fuck. thats why im buying smartcorn and saltines and hand-feeding wedding mints to the teenager in his arms
    driving tired is dangerous! driving murderously tired and dissociated even more so! (presumably). good job walking jay!

    Tim truly tripped and fell over the woobification stick this chapter idk what happened
    tim tries being a child for the first time, jury's still out on whether it was a success

    yes these boys are 'fixing' their issues by tag-teaming taking care of tim. that's just how this family works

    cass: show me your secrets, shadow man

    next-up: Someone's Worried About Tim (are we all always worrying?)

Chapter 4: don't get me wrong, honey, I am trying
Summary:

    warning for loving familial stalking, and some internalized ableism (really a pretty soft and light chapter!)

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Grabs-cane-when-Caregiver-Alfred-sets-out-a-walker Bruce wears loneliness that seems to suck up any company, not that she’s seen anyone more than Alfred come in or out of the Manor. The curve of his spine is hungry—the part of his spine that bends at all. Cass hasn’t observed the seams and lines of a brace under his clothes. He never initiates touch, but his body leans toward Alfred whenever he is in the room, sags with guilt-relief-please-more if Alfred gives a you’ll-get-through-this pat on the shoulder.

Bruce is easy to read. Bruce, to her, is loud with feeling. He is sad and desperate and determined and hopeful, one after the other then all at once.

From what Steph has said, from what Robin’s body has said, Bruce is not loud to people who don’t know her language (his language? Theirs?). From what she reads of Alfred, Bruce’s words don’t communicate what his body is saying. Alfred sometimes guesses his meaning, though.

Is he unsafe? She doesn’t think so, but she still doesn’t know if he’s safe for Birdie, or Birdie’s Little Wing. She doesn’t know if they could feel safe while not understanding.

Right now, Bruce’s hunger has shaking-hands shifted to worry (to more worry, anyway). He paces the windowed hallway she’s watched the most in her day-and-a-half stay, to the protest of his sometimes-weak, sometimes-dragging right leg. He moves through it. She understands.

Injuries were inevitable in training. Inevitable, and not allowed. The ones that lingered were an open secret—if she shifted her stances to compensate for her left leg, shortened after a dislocation didn’t heal right, it was allowed only as long as it allowed no opening for her opponents, did not allow them to see the difference. 

The changes to her body they left are, mostly, mild annoyances if she thinks of them at all. She doesn’t think of how they make her move, it’s just the way she moves, the body she keeps. In the many years since, Cass has dropped some of the need to hide them—life is not a fight, always. She wants to dance honestly.

Bruce, in this moment, phone threatening to shake out of his hand as it rings, dances as honestly as she ever has, pacing his shuffled two-step. (She hasn’t watched the dance videos with Steph since that first one, practices its steps only when she leaves. She’s learned to like having her body to herself.)

He stops—starts talking into the phone with no sag of relief to say that they’ve answered. His body screams love-desperate-protect (and oh, is there so much love there. Steph didn’t mention this). Reading lips is not a strength (Cass took not being able to hear her trainers as rare breaks from trying and failing to connect their words to their body language), but the love and desperate and lean into m makes her think he’s talking to Ti m . Talking to Tim’s voicemail. 

Privacy is something she still can’t quite define. She feels like maybe she should give it to him, to the shadowed-man breaking into desperate burning light, begging and needing and resigned. His body has gone past honest and into cut open, released to spill out into the closed-off hallway.

He is not asking to be read. Cass turns away. 

She wishes she hadn’t turned down the phone Steph offered her ( I will not be monitored, contained, controlled— ). It will be a criss-crossing trip to find her, but she wants to go over what she’s seen, compare it to what Steph knows of what Birdie needs (of what Tim needs, and Little Wing, and wide-smile-arm-over-abdomen Steph in and out of the place too).

Cass leaves, and wonders how it feels to be loved that rawly. 

—

Baby Bird drops off against Birdie’s chest after they get some food into him; exhausted from the shutdown, no doubt, but also from the sleep he’d clearly been missing. It’s clear that Jay beside him has a lot to say, and doesn’t seem to want to say any of it. Arms occupied, Birdie can’t say much in return, but when Jay’s covered eyes meet his face, Birdie offers what he hopes is a calm smile.

Because he does feel calm; here, with Timmy tucked in his arms, Little Wing beside him, blankets scattered around and over them. It is a peaceful moment, watching the sun set together, and Birdie thinks he enjoys it all the more for having been away. His uncertain identity would be creeping to ruin something calm and peaceful and warm like this otherwise. Not that he’d say that even if he could. Not right now, at least. It wouldn’t help either of his little brothers right now.

And he’s happy to wait, the windchill of the otherwise clear evening cut off by the blankets. There’s about half new, half worn blankets; mostly dark solids, a few bright animal prints, all similarly plush and smooth against what little skin he doesn’t already cover. One of Timmy’s hands is fisted in a deep red one (not dissimilar to the red of the helmet Jay’s discarded), the other in Birdie’s jacket.

When Baby Bird wakes, it’s only been just shy of an hour—not nearly enough, but to be expected with his Baby Bird’s near-nocturnal sleep schedule (is that something he remembers? Or simply knows from the way his Baby Bird behaves). As he stirs, those fisted hands clench tighter, before suddenly loosening entirely as the rest of Timmy’s body tenses.

That ruffled head pops up from his chest, adorably bleary but flushed, embarrassed.

Birdie releases one hand from the hold enough to reassure: ‘It’s OK, Baby-Bird, all OK. Everyone-needs taking-care-of sometimes. I-need it. Jay-needs it.’ Timmy still seems set to apologize (how can he bend from you, cower away while staying in your arms—it’s a position familiar to you, but not, it shouldn’t—), so he adds ‘I-love-you,’ before joining his arms back around him again.

Baby Bird’s blush deepens, quickly buried back in Birdie’s shirt, but he can feel a little smile buried there too. After a few loving coos, Birdie looks up from his armful to gauge how Timmy being awake has impacted Jay’s mood. He looks… soft, and a little wanting, and a lot guilty.

“It’s my fault anyway, Timmers,” and Birdie immediately meets him with a frown; how is that going to help anything?”

‘Stop that. You can say sorry, but we’re-not placing-blame. All-tired. All-hurt.’ Timmy doesn’t stir from his movement, missing what he signs, but they both hear Jay’s mumbled apology. Birdie shakes his head, fond, and runs a hand through his Baby Bird’s fluffy hair. The other, he offers out to Jay; with the grounding pressure of Baby Bird against his chest, making contact with yet another person doesn’t feel as daunting. 

Jay doesn’t share the thought—his body tenses in surprise, mouth opening and closing (curved scar stretching with it, looking chapped and irritated). Birdie leaves his hand there, the offer open for as long as his Little Wing needs to process it. The other hand keeps combing Timmy’s hair, even as his head turns to expose his more composed face, looking out at the newly dusky sky.  A few more breaths, a few more brushes through, and Jay turns his head to the same view, joining his calloused hand with Birdies in his periphery. Birdie lets his smile come loose and warm.

None of them seem to want to break the silence, all taking in this rare moment of calm. In their lives, in their relationships with each other, in their finally (if briefly) settled minds. It can’t last forever. Maybe it can last long enough. Birdie likes feeling warm and whole like this, thinks it became rare Before. He can change that.

It’s just passing from dusk to truly dark, the chill finally cutting through his blanket-and-clothing layers, when Jay clears his throat. “Ya prob’ly need to check in with the Bat, don’t ya Baby Bird?” For Birdie, the nickname is something intimately caring; for Jay, it’s the signal that he’s pulling back, just as clear as his hand pulling away. 

Unfortunately, that’s enough to make Timmy’s self-consciousness return, and Birdie has to loosen his arms as he squirms out of them. In a mimic of Jay, he clears his throat, straightening up and doing his best to smooth out the underlayer of his suit (the body armor had been an easy decision to go for Birdie, clearly an unneeded layer of stimulation for his Baby Bird’s overwhelmed body). 

‘Right, yeah,’ Timmy signs. He stands and, seemingly before he can think better of it, flashes his own ‘I-love-you’ before pulling his grapple gun.

‘Stay safe,’ Birdie signs, at the same time it came out in a rush from Jay’s mouth; as Timmy’s blushing masked face swings away, Birdie turns a fond and proud grin to Jay, who huffs and turns away. He thinks if Jay wasn’t remade like him, a blush would be painting his face too. Birdie taps him on the shoulder to get his sightline again: ‘Love you too, Little-Wing.’ He makes sure to mouth along his signs.

Part of him understands Jay better, watching Timmy blend into the city, going somewhere he can’t follow while still so clearly needing help. It’s different for many reasons, some in favor of Birdie being right to leave, some not. He’ll still lean on the side of letting birds free.

Jay huffs again, but he doesn’t leave, doesn’t otherwise move to avoid his affection, his gaze. There’s some of it reflected back at Birdie.

“Sorry,” he eventually breathes out, less desperately guilty than before (so Birdie lets him continue), “I… Got angry, at you, at Bruce, ‘cause I was tired of bein’ angry with myself.” He snorts, looking away; “Caught in my fuckin’ blast radius. Then… Tim was there; couldn’t get ‘im to leave, no matter how much I tantrumed like a baby.” Those calloused, uneven hands drag over Jay’s masked eyes, scarred mouth. 

Birdie wishes reaching out for a hug was something they could both handle.

—

Steph’s first thought is: wow. Did Bruce adopt her too and just not tell us? Well, her first thought is: nice to see her in one piece , but that’s just the default in Gotham. As soon as Cass relays the impromptu spying mission she took out on Bruce though, all she can think of is Tim awkwardly explaining how he learned Batman’s identity, the bat in question standing to the side with something almost like a smile on his face. If Bruce had caught her, Cass would be a Wayne in a week.

Because while Cass expresses her hesitance, her uncertainty on whether Bruce is “good” and “safe”, there’s this eagerness in her stuttered signs and occasional huffed words. 

“What’s got ya so curious ‘bout him?” Steph finally asks. “Beyond the safety check, I mean.”

Cass hums, a rougher sound than Birdie’s. As Steph waits for her to gather the answer, she shuts the window of her bedroom, thankful she already has the excuse of the pigeons she feeds on the windowsill to give her mom. Yeah, she hadn’t exactly planned on letting her friend of unknown age and origin into her house, but no matter how many times Cass has smiled or swayed happily at the rain, pulling her borrowed raincoat’s hood down, Steph isn’t gonna leave her out in it after dark.

By the time she’s grabbed towels to sop up the rain, Cass seems to have what she wants to say. “His feelings big, loud; but bad at saying them.” She switches to sign; ‘Like-me.’

Maybe that’s how all of them end up in Bruce’s orbit? Not just detective-ing streaks, not just messy black hair, but any part of him they can hold a mirror to and see part of themselves (a late-night campaign for justice; a black mask). “You can read ‘im then?” Cass nods. “Can’t say I ain’t a bit jealous a’ that. I think you’re good at gettin’ ya feelings across, though. Least you try .” She can’t muster much more than mild annoyance about Bruce’s communication issues—it’s not like she tells him much either, and it’s not like she has to deal with it during normal human hours like Tim does (it’s not like he’s her dad).

Cass is frowning, that big frown of disapproval she wore when she caught Steph cheating in cards for the first time (before Steph showed her that that, too, could be part of the fun). ‘He tries . Tries-hard,’ she signs, repeating the sign a few times to emphasize. And, fair; she hasn’t been around for that many hard-hitting emotional conversations with the bossman, but she does see how often he texts Tim, how he treads the line between attentive and over-protective with his check-ins and guided patrols.

Still. “Must be pretty fuckin’ hard for him if this’ what tryin’ looks like.” Cass seems to agree with that. Steph tucks her socked feet under her on the bed, and Cass does the same. Birdie is like that too sometimes, mirroring her movements or position; though his is always like he’s been caught doing something wrong. With Cass, Steph thinks it’s friendly, a sign of connection.

Or it’s easier to follow how someone else holds their body than having to think of your own. Steph still hasn’t really relearned how to be in her body—a common postpartum side effect, the encyclopedic pregnancy knowledge Tim forced on her says, but knowing that doesn’t change that her whole center of gravity is off. 

(And yes, thinking of the birth makes her think of them, that little life she made that’s now in the care of a Batman and Robin-vetted family. She feels guilty for thinking of them, like it means she should have tried harder, like it means she regrets making what she knows was the best decision. She wants to push the thoughts down, but the bigger part of her knows she shouldn’t.

Does Cass know? Can she read it on her? Steph wants to not care if she does.)

“My brain’s too fried ta cheat—y’wanna watch somethin?”

She doesn’t expect the way Cass’ eyes light up at the idea, nor the way she unfolds and stands from the bed, stretching up and to her sides. ‘Show-you something!’ she signs. Her phone is pulled from one of the raincoat’s many pockets, tapped a few times before being set on the nightstand, a few gentle piano notes rising from it.

And then Cass moves.

In the back of her mind, she recognizes the music, the broad strokes of the movements, but her body and brain don’t connect the dance to anything but Cass. It’s not perfect, but she’d only really know it by the occasional wince or lost expression before Cass falls back into the performance. 

Steph doesn’t know much about dancing. She doesn’t even know much about Cass. Watching her dance, it’s like Cass gifts her the ability to understand her language, to finally speak what she is so adept at reading. Grief, confusion, hope; so much hope.

Cass breaks into a smile, that bared-teeth scrunched-face way Steph refuses to let her feel insecure about, and the moment ends. Steph claps the silent way Birdie showed them, and revels in really knowing someone, just for a second.

—

The wind whipping his face does nothing to stop the embarrassed flush he still feels. Amazingly, his new-and-old older brother’s reassurance didn’t completely dissolve the awkwardness of falling apart in his lap , shutting down and napping in front of two undead vigilantes. 

(And, most embarrassingly of all: it was nice . Being held, being fed those stupid little mints he can’t believe Birdie remembered he likes, being able to sleep knowing he and the people he’s responsible for are safe.)

Why he thinks catching up on his messages through his earpiece will help, who knows. He blames caffeine withdrawals (definitely not still sleep deprivation—he just got some sleep!). The one from Steph is fine, warning him for the meeting of Birdie and Red Hood that he technically just facilitated, but the three sitting from Bruce, the oldest dated to a week ago, the last only an hour…

“...if you’re out with Dick, I won’t ask where, I won’t track, Tim, I promise just. Just come home when you’re done. Stay safe, Tim.”

Fuck . Didn’t he promise (not just himself, but to Barbara too) not to do this again? Not to leave Bruce spiraling without notice, again, unsure of where the one son he can contact is, again . Is it better to call now, or apologize in person? If he takes a left in a few blocks, he could find the phone booth zeta tube and go straight to the cave, that could shave ten minutes off…

Didn’t he just do this? Quit panicking, that’s not going to help anyone. 

He stumbles his landing after retracting his grapple a bit too early. Rights himself and keeps moving forward, jogging the last few feet to the ratty booth, idly noticing a new tag gracing the side. Stepping in, he tries to regulate his breathing, using the methods Bruce taught him (or did Dick?). 

By the time he’s stepping into the Cave, he almost feels like he’s avoided the second panic attack/meltdown/shutdown of the day. Until Alfred is there, and Tim realizes he only prepared for disappointing one person today (well, two, but he knows Barbara likes to put her confrontations off to make him ‘sit with it’. Alfred is, as always, impossible for him to read. Dick had a trick to it, but even he admitted it took into his later Robin years before he could do it consistently. 

When Alfred finally breaks the silence, Tim is looking to his left, having long given up on pretend-eye contact. His lined face stretches in a soft smile; “Master Bruce will be happy to see you.”

Sure he will , he can’t help but think, even if he’d never say. ‘Happiness’ is rarely in his list of possibilities for Bruce.

Still, he dutifully nods and smiles (sometimes it’s hard to break from prim and proper and quiet hands around Alfred, even though he can see from Bruce that it’s not how the butler/father/grandfather believes kids should be raised), and strips out of his suit. Naturally, Alfred has left a pile of freshly folded clothes for him to step into by the time he’s done (how he coordinates that with the other housekeepers, he’ll never know). He makes the quiet trek up into the Manor.

His socked feet still manage to sound heavy through the halls; he’s sure Bruce can hear him from four doors away, even without his hearing aids. Bruce doesn’t dramatically open the door for him, or announce ‘Come in’ before Tim’s knocked, but he sounds tired when Tim finally does.

And then he steps inside, and Bruce turns to look up, and both of them are frozen until Bruce shoots up from his chair, left arm making an aborted motion forward. “Can I—hug you?”

On some level, Tim feels like he’s already met his touch-quota for the day, but he also knows Bruce knows to make his hugs deep pressure, so he nods, and gets swept up in his second all-encompassing hug of the day. Bruce is bigger, taller, a little softer around the middle, but something about his and Birdie’s hugs feels the same.

“Welcome home, son.”

It feels nice. Maybe Birdie and Jason can feel it some time soon.
Notes:

    idk why writing steph's pov took a fuckin' herculean effort but it seemed only fair that she get one. i hope no one feels that i'm making her pregnancy too integral a part of her character the birth just like, just happened 3-4 months ago (also her not including herself as one of bruce's kids is on her end, he's already drafting the coparenting schedule with Crystal)

    cass reading bruce is literally something i have been fiending to write cause like, how else am i gonna convey how much this sucker loves his kids, write his pov? he's too full of self-loathing for it to come across. also love her continuing the family tradition of stalking (also love her. love her dancing)

    jay and birdie finally clear the air! sorta. mostly. it's still gonna be hard for them to balance independence vs dependence in their relationship, but we finally have a clean end to the no-contact phase (why can birdie hold tim for over an hour but can't hug jason? he's thinking he could probably handle it at this moment, but jay has his own touch-averse moments, especially when he's in his self-hatred pit)

    back to talk abt the steph pov again cause 1. woohoo cass dancing!!! 2. if you interpret any romance in their interaction i would prefer you did not, they are just queer siblings having an intimate get-together

    my notes for the tim pov were "Tim pov, listening to worried mom voicemail, talkwith worried mom its Bruce Mom time baybee" and the section ended up going a little differently but i just want you to know that thought process is in the background of every scene with bruce (yes there is lore for the references to a disability he has, yes it will come up at some point, no being disabled doesn't stop him from being batman)

    next up: information sharing, plan making, plan enacting? bruce is so proud

Chapter 5: I know maybe I'm too late
Summary:

    warning for internalized ableism and some nasty internal voices

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

In the end, Birdie and Jay both have to convince each other to leave; for their own reasons, or for the simple want of company (at least one of Birdie's reasons is the faint heat Jay gives off at his side, not close enough to touch, but close enough to feel).

Birdie doesn't have anywhere in mind to go, after, so he stays in the area until dusk turns to true night, smiling a little to himself when he catches a glint of light off of red metal. Oh Little Wing; the behaviors I wish we hadn't learned.

Shelter isn't something he needs , exactly ( it certainly doesn't, and even after deciding Birdie could be someone at more times than just nested and safe, sometimes it is still easier outside), but he wants to cuddle into the residual warmth his baby brothers have left in his blankets. Wouldn't do to get them wet.

(After the hours tumbling in Gotham's brisk night the blankets are not really warm. The warmth is there anyway, knowing who they so recently held.)

An abandoned laundromat shines under a flickering streetlight somehow sends out nest-home —maybe only in comparison to the construction projects Birdie's nested in recently, but there's clean floors and high counters and three forgotten pillows that don't smell like mildew. It is, he decides as his nest of warm blankets comes to fruition atop the counter and pillows, perfect.

Climbing into the nest is gentle work. Birdie thinks he's good at gentle work, or has been, or could be.

He’s only just collected his limbs into it when a shadow cuts into the corner of his eye, out the window—looking at it full-on, a familiar shadow.

‘C-A-S-S’ he signs to her through the wavy glass window (not the ‘Little-Shadow’ name sign he holds for her in his head. Maybe later; not until she’s chosen her own). It’s low lighting, really just the few flickering fluorescents remaining in the store bleeding outside, but he thinks his visibility into the dim outside is about on par with the trained (but not quite altered ) Cass’ own view in. 

She certainly enters like she can see him clearly, making a smooth beeline to him (an approach that would make him tense at any other time, from any other person—but Cass is so like him, in a way completely unlike Jay is like him. Cass is a dancer. Birdie is something like that too). Hopping up on the counter, she stays half a foot or so away from the edge of his blanket nest. He wants it to be an unnecessary precaution. They both accept that it isn't.

In signs and the occasional word and her own language, Cass relays to him what she's been doing as he tries to delicately balance the members of his family he's willing to see and be seen by.

Her hands stop.

Birdie eventually signs a hesitant 'Thanks?'. He doesn't know the correct response to someone staking out your almost-but-not forgotten father figure on your behalf, but he thinks he appreciates it, so thanks it is. 

‘Honestly? I don’t-want to-think about B right-now,’ he admits, some of his emotion-worn body relaxing with it, ‘not beyond him taking-care-of Baby Bird. Still testing if I can be independent-me while being their brother. Be Birdie and not put-together-Dick, not subservient-Talon.’

Cass’ body rocks back as she processes. into

‘Sure they’re separate?’ Birdie has to burrow  his blankets and breathe for a moment at that. No, the different parts of himself aren't separate people, but keeping them identified, contained, that's safe. 

Isn't it? Separating 'Talon' from 'Dick'/the Before had kept him safe in the Court. Separating 'Birdie' from Talon, then from Dick, has been helpful. But is it still? 

He shrugs, still mostly buried in the nest. 'Different stages, different faces, but they're-all me. I-just-want to be more… Balanced, before I see him again.'

Waiting for Cass to prepare a response, Birdie decides to give in to the sleepiness that’s pulled at him since Timmy napped (or passed out from emotional and physical exhaustion) in his arms. He keeps his eyes open to hear her, but otherwise lets his awareness retreat, just a little; tries to let go of the hypervigilance ingrained deep in his body, deeper than memory, and just be.

‘Bat will take good care of Little Bird. Like Jay, you: takes-care when he can’t take-care-of-himself.’

Instead of dealing with that, he sticks his tongue out at her, before burying his head fully in blankets. He’ll figure out how he feels in the morning.

(Cass’ scratchy-squeaky laugh is easy to fall asleep to.)

—

Bruce thought he’d lost this: holding his son, asleep, safe in his arms and his room. It’s something he thought he’d lost when Dick ran to Clark then Bludhaven, again when Jason… And Tim, already touch-averse and unsure of his place in the family—well, Bruce thought of himself at that age, and thought he’d never have it at all.

Maybe exhaustion can take the credit (is Tim too old for him to schedule an appointment for? A sleep study is overdue at this point), but leading a willing Tim to lay in his arms shows a level of unconscious trust Bruce can only hope to deserve. Being trapped in his bed (why do they all cling in their sleep like this) pushes back his plans for the day. He ignores the obsessions of his brain, telling him to be behind by a minute is to risk it all, and tries to soak the contact (the love ) up through his skin for as long as this wonderful, impossible moment lasts.

With Tim’s sleep as it is, it’s blessings from somewhere that he stays down as long as he does. The inevitable twitches and shifting of waking come, though, and Bruce has to resist squeezing tighter, has to prepare to let go. Him waking fully is marked by his body stilling, that amazing mind of his working to find the where and what and how.

Before his son can make an awkward excuse and beat his retreat, Bruce has to let some of the love bubbling in him out, pressing a kiss to the top of Tim’s head and relishing in the way he squawks. “Good morning, kiddo.”

Sliding out of his embrace with all of the efficiency and none of the agility they’ve trained, Tim drops to the floor, gifting Bruce an impressive glare, only undercut by his ruffled hair giving him a bit of a baby chick look. “This never happened,” he declares to Bruce’s eyebrows.

“Of course not,” Bruce says. His agreement only gets Tim more ruffled. With a huff, he scrambles out of the room, and Bruce chuckles after him, leaning back into the pillows with a happy sigh. It’s rare that life offers him moments of peace like this (maybe he should go to Temple). 

He doesn’t deserve this .

A throat clearing at the door breaks it, but gently, and he knows who it is without having to look. “Putting off our morning physical therapy exercises, are we, Master Bruce?”

Unbidden, his therapist’s words come to mind: “And how do you think your father maintaining professional language with you has impacted how you view your relationship?” Therapy is awful torture … hard work, the rare kind he can’t just muscle through until the skill is mastered. If anything, his usual approach is a significant hindrance to his progress, and he’s had to forcibly let go of it for the three, almost four years of appointments to mean anything.

And they do—to see Tim leave the room without fearing Bruce will do something ( coward, you can’t even think it, can you? ), to see Alfred enter the room without bracing himself, is worth the awfulest work.

“A mutant land-octopus was keeping me captive.” He says, face straight and voice flat, watching for any twitching lip or twinkling eye from his father.

“Quite.” He gets both. “Nevertheless, you are now free; I commend you on the escape, and encourage you to recuperate with some physical therapy.” 

Bruce feels more than justified in groaning into the pillows. Yes, his bedroom was moved to the ground floor once he was home from the hospital, but as soon as he’s up, he’ll lose the protective haze of the bed and have to deal with the reality of his past few weeks. Of course, there's no real barrier from that. Maybe if he starts moving that will at least distract him. 

(Not that that's ever worked; his therapist says he's comfortable with actions he knows will lead to failed outcomes because at least the outcome is known.) 

As he shifts to stand, he has to breathe in through his nose, out through his mouth, and accept that today is a walker day. 

Does Dick, does Birdie need mobility aids? Yes, reports have him flying nimbly by rooftop, but Tim admitted he was bedridden only weeks ago, and Bruce knows mobility is fluid enough to encompass both extremes within moments. Probably not physical therapy, but maybe occupational? Tim has declined it to help with his executive function, but it was critical to Bruce for his sensory processing. Would Birdie agree to it? (Would his son agree to come home? To speak again at least?

He got one back, didn’t he? Dickie came back?)

The peace was nice while it lasted.

—

With a growl, Jason shakes out his hands, again. He’s trying, he swears he is, but even as each new sign the video on his cracked phone shows jogs half-memories of learning with Bruce or Dick, they fall through his mind and fingers as soon as it comes time to repeat what he’s learned. Hold a conversation with Birdie? Maybe in the next ten years.

Was it the explosion, or the crowbar? Or did it start earlier, too many knocks to the head as Robin, too many cuffs from Willis. Did his hearing start going before…

Doesn’t matter now. It’s just one more way he’s too broken to be the brother Birdie deserves. Maybe if he learned in person? He’s needed to make contact with the street since his weeks-long dissociative temper-tantrum, make the rounds without patrolling, and making apologies where necessary. If only this was his first Crime Alley apology tour—maybe it’d be a little less embarrassing.

Minimally armed, he cuts a familiar path through the alleys, taking turns without having to think, seeing the alcove hiding that chipped gray door without having to look. Five knocks, a simple staccato rhythm, hard on the last two.

The door opens a crack, two sturdy chains still keeping it locked: “Wh—Hood? Gimme a sec.” Their slightly nasal voice is all he gets to identify them before the door closes again; once it opens, it’s clear they were undoing the chains, allow the door to open just wide enough to show them, and none of the building behind them. “Watcha need? If somethin’s goin’ down I’m gonna need you to move it down a couple blocks, ‘s bad for business.”

Despite the sheepishness keeping his shoulders up, he can’t help but relax seeing Layla whole and well in front of him. They were one of the first civilians willing to talk with him as the Red Hood—if ‘talk’ can describe the dressing-down they gave him for being too violent in front of their ‘sisters’.

There’s no pimps to speak of in Crime Alley, but Jason can take no credit for a change that started before he came back, though he would have been happy to take out any stragglers. Instead, with the organization of Layla and others, the full-service sex workers of the neighborhood had formed a coalition, sharing safety information and rotating locations. It’s hardly perfect, the GCPD inclined to break up any operation not making them a profit, but the lack of a central leader or location has kept them safer than any offered “protection packages” by gangs or cops looking to skim profits.

“Jus’ talkin’, tonight. I…ain’t been that good of a neighbor lately.”

Layla snorts out a laugh, big brown eyes (not Birdie big, but definitely effective) shining. “Fine,” they put on a beleaguered sigh, “I guess I’ll let you dirty my house, get in here.”

The walls are more brightly painted than the last time he was in, teal and a warm yellow, and there’s a new couch in the waiting area, a cross-stitched pillow saying “no johns, no masters”—if Jason ran to here (if Jason had had this when jacking tires wasn’t enough), he’d feel welcome. 

“I’m… sorry,” he manages to drag out; “I know when I…” 

“Have a heads party? Go on a murderous rampage instead a’ lettin’ the idiots come to you?” At least they drop the joking tone (definitely not because they see how he shrinks in on himself, the shame of Dick’s joking corrections somehow burning through). “Look, we get that you’re fucked in the head, I get it, but everyone here ‘as come ta’ rely on you bein’ consistent . Y’aint a Joker type,” a flinch, and Layla redirects in a breath, “a Zucco, tryna keep us on edge. We like that. Like you, asshole; s’maybe try talkin’ to one a’ us next time yer seein’ enemies everywhere.”

All he can offer is another “Sorry,” mind spinning their words around without letting him process them, anything approaching caring is the oil on the Pit water in him. Layla seems to take pity on him (again, again, again) and, telegraphing their movements, manages to guide him to the couch.

“‘s there somethin’ you need, Hood?” Somehow their nasal rasp still says it soft. “Besides apologies and forgiveness, which you’d know if you didn’t have.” That gets a snort out of him, coming out awkward and multi-pitched through the modulator, and Layla smiles that got-the-canary smile.

For a second, he just breathes in the place, this refuge he couldn’t have made but would do anything to protect.

‘D’ya know if anyone’s doin’ sign language classes?”

Someone else would laugh. Layla just flashes those eyes again, tells him about some volunteer lessons at the library, and Jason feels lighter, even if he doesn’t think he should.

—

Cass is still haunting the laundromat with him when Birdie wakes. She’s still asleep, head resting on the edge of his nest, the black-with-white-bats blanket she’d picked from Steph cocooning her the same as he is (a little different; he keeps his arms free. She keeps hers to her chest).

If he’s honest, meeting with Bruce is something he’s put in his don’t-think-about-it pile, along with the man himself. It was justified, he thinks, as he tries to work out his identity and work out connecting with others without fear or expectation. He doesn’t know if he can still say that, in the stability he’s enjoyed in the last week.

Is he afraid of Bruce? Most of the memories he has are warm, younger years with awkward affection, but those flashes of stress and pain and yes, fear, are still there. Birdie knows they’re connected to Robin (not my little robin , the next one), knows (thinks? Hopes?) Bruce probably isn’t the cause of the hurt in them, but without any context, with barely anything he just doesn’t know . There were many things he didn’t know as Talon, but then he could disappear, live in his head away from the stress of uncertainty. That’s not what he’s been doing now, but he’s been avoiding it all the same.

Did he know how to deal with this fear as Dick? Did Dick know how to separate the pain from the person there for it? If he did, Birdie hopes he can learn it too. 

The manor itself features as a setting for more than one, and he has no way of knowing what there will trigger the same disturbing sense memories, those high arched ceilings hunching over him. He wants to know Bruce. He doesn’t want these triggers getting in the way of learning to be with his more-than-father again.

A blanket nudges closer into his thigh; Cass is shifting, coming to a softer version of her usual alertness once she’s awake and taken in the surroundings. “Hi,” she whispers, fuzzy joy in the crinkle of her eyes.

‘Good morning,’ he signs, leaves a beat, then, ‘hi.’ The smile that crinkles her face even more settles him. Cass trusts that Bruce is safe. He trusts Cass.

‘I-was-thinking… Maybe I could meet B out of the mansion?’ He exaggerates the sign of mansion, both to indicate it’s the manor, and to communicate its vastness, the fear in that. Cass, as always, understands these subtle elements almost better than the signing.

‘Good.’ “Neu-trall territory.” She says, enough silliness in it that they don’t have to think of the darker times both of them have heard phrasing like that.

Emboldened by the warmth in the room, he presses down the edge of his nest between them, widening out the bowl of it to make room.

Cass, happily climbing in, understands.
Notes:

    sorry that i disappeared for over two months foesfhosef i started up school again and am not excellent at balancing it with work, and then one of my friends just had a huge personal tragedy so focus is all over the place

    But! tim and bruce cuddles!!! and some wire mother alfred cause listen i love the man but he is the reason bruce is the way he is his britishness prevents him from connecting to others without sarcasm

    idk how subtle im being with the cause of bruce's injury because it's something I've known i'll include since the beginning (literally had to cut off an infodump i started doing about the specifics of his type of injury and the modifications he's made to his mobility aids bc unlike me that is not something that would be rattlin through his head at all times). i highly encourage guesses!!
    listen it's kind of impossible for jason's crime alley empire to exist without some oc's so layla appeared. they'll probably be a one off but i wanted to show jason hey, you have a community you've helped to build up here

    i love. cass and birdie so much. disaster living weapon siblings embracing the softness they've been denied

    Next up: scheduling a meeting can't be that hard, can it?

     

    my dick playlist to appease

Chapter 6: revive another side of me
Summary:

    warnings for a lot of drug talk (in the context of pain relief with moments of addiction discussion bc this is jason we're talking about), food struggles (food guarding/insecurity, guilt around food, being encouraged to eat), death/decomposition talk, and general tagged warnings

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Cass stays respectfully five inches apart from him, but her warmth still permeates the blankets around him, a heat he can’t produce. He burrows in deeper; he woke up cold , frost crackling in his joints. 

(He’s been cold since the heat from his brothers faded. Which time, he isn’t sure). 

For his mind, flying the rooftops, staying in a new nest every couple of days has felt right, refreshing—and his body felt the same, for a while. But holding Timmy, sitting in that setting sun, reminded him of the warmth he’d traded for freedom. Wind rushing over his skin was just more thrilling than it was cold, so the thrill replaced cold; not to mention the different warmth of Steph and Cass’ company (or Alfred's soup). 

Has it really been this cold, though? Could he really have been ignoring this ache? Birdie doesn’t think so, but can he really trust his own perception of his body? A boy with scars he doesn’t know the cause of, with spaces he can’t touch, can’t think about?

‘Have I been hurting, cold? Hiding-it?’ As always, Cass considers his question (and how warm it is, to be listened to, to ask questions and know they will be turned over carefully instead of crushed). He takes the time to uncurl his limbs, one-by-one to hopefully expose as little of himself as possible to the unheated laundromat at a time. 

'Building-up,' Cass signs, "Frog in pot." 'Didn't-know, not really.'

Birdie squawks out something of a laugh. 'Frog-in-pot', he signs animatedly, adding an extra hop. It makes the muscles attached to his shoulder whine, but Cass smiles. Well, smiles with her body, frowning with her face; happy but concerned, probably.

'You-know what makes-better?'

He sighs. 'Yes.' But even though he knows it won't burn like before, it's hard to think the hours of panic and disappearing are worth it, not when he's still able enough to fly (not without an ache, without something like nausea that makes even the blended soups curdle in his mouth, without a joint out of place—but he can still fly, it's not time yet, right?).

His thoughts are interrupted by a finger coming into his field of vision. Hands so close to his face (eyes, mouth) still send feather-pins down his arms, but the poke to his forehead is there and gone before his body can stress over it, retreating and drawing his gaze back to Cass’ face. She smiles.

‘You-have-help’. 

Birdie sticks out his tongue at that. He knows (mostly. He’s learning). But he’s existed without help for so long, for what feels like all of him even as he knows he’s had it before ( with Bruce’s hand in his hair, he can feel the stubby tip of his pinky finger against his scalp; he wonders when he’ll say how it really happened ). Not satisfied, he gives her a poke in return, trying not to coo at the way her eyes cross to follow it.

His joints ache too much to start up a play fight, one with both of their definitions of "play" and "fight", so he wiggles his hands in her direction and trusts her to pick up his intent.

She snorts, signs ‘Baby-fights,’ and cracks up into her real squeaking-croaking laugh. Birdie joins in, more breath than laugh, and it hurts, a little, and it is good. 

‘I… I’ll-talk-with Tim,’ he signs when their noise dies. ‘Means I-can put-off meeting with B, right?’ 

‘If-not-hurting, I-shove-you.’ 

‘Ouch.’ Yeah, it’s good.

—

Learning doesn’t go much quicker with lessons in the library, but at least in front of other people Jason can’t throw his phone when he forgets a sign as soon as he's seen it, a grammar rule right after it's explained. He also can't get mad at the third grader doing better than him, not when they try to teach him nonsense mnemonics for the concepts he struggles with, and gives him a missing-tooth grin and waved-hands applause whenever he signs correctly. 

He reaches his limit on the third day of intensive lessons—or his hands do, all pins-and-needles and pinned-crooked stiffness, letting him fuck up in new embarrassing ways. The volunteer teacher of the day actually takes him aside and, without asking any “why”s or “how”s, gently coaxes him into taking a break, into promising to treat his symptoms when he goes home.

Treatment. That’s a thing, isn’t it—not the emergency care he’s used to, but the “pain management” and “preventative care” that hadn’t even existed in his worldview until he had Wayne money. It felt, still feels, indulgent, like taking that much for himself will doom the people in his Alley drowning in medical debt. So he works to get meds to people (enforces mandatory safety testing from his suppliers, with lead when necessary), and medicates himself with numbing rage and new pains.

Maybe (Alice? Mary?) has a point. If nothing else, being a crime lord can get him drugs in excess. (He’s had enough excess, enough too-much; isn’t sure how much more his body can fit). 

(Please don’t let him be his mama please don’t let the gaping hunger life gave them both grab onto the drugs like it did for her he can’t hate her but he hates that hunger please—

Please.)

Jason knows the classes he’ll avoid outright: opioids are out, but so are NSAIDs (he remembers what they did to her throat, her heart), and with his head as it is, an antidepressant could be pouring base on an acid. 

Honestly, he knows which one would be safest to try first (beyond the Extra-Strength Tylenol he takes more out of habit than any effectiveness); the Pit is just a glaring green unknown. Better go to the people that know.

He regrets staying helmetless (a standard for centers of the community like the library: practical, but also a show of trust) when someone its internal speakers would have let him hear pops into his field of vision half a block away from his destination. He regrets it even more when the blur of movement solidifies into a familiar purple-clad teenage disaster. It doesn’t exactly fill him with pride to be confronted with Steph; his Pit-fueled delusions during his “episode” had tried to make him hate her more than once for forcing Birdie to abandon him, and even if he fended that off fairly reliably with the fact that Birdie is better off without him, he didn’t always succeed.

How do you look at a teen, a kid you hated?

Apparently, through a mask.

“Dang, thought Birdie was on one ‘a his metaphors, but ya really do take off da hood in the daytime.” Jason briefly relates to Bruce in a way he never thought he would, picturing an even younger, even scrawnier teen with just as unintelligible an accent but wielding a tire iron instead of a super suit.  Yeah, he’d laugh and offer up Batburger too.

“What’re you gonna do, harass a civilian?” The laugh Steph responds with, muffled by her mask but no less bright and wheezy, pricks his spine with guilt ( Jesus, stretching even laughs to self-flagellate now, very selfless, this is helping so much ). Should he apologize for thoughts he never acted on?

Apparently not as determined to stay sky-bound as the birds before her, Steph drops from the awning she’d perched on, settling on her toes half a car’s length in front of him. “You ‘s about as civilian as active-duty, but I s’pose I haven’t seen you do nothin’. ” Even with the mask, he can see her shit-eating grin. Fucking teenagers.

She makes exaggerated eyes in the direction he was heading; “ ‘less, of course, you was pursuing illegal substances.”

Jason huffs in exasperation: “The Bat’s seriously goin’ after possession now?”

Steph holds her stance for a good fifteen seconds before she wheezes again. “Course not, ‘e’d be the first one locked up!” Jason has to blink, recalibrate at that. “ ‘sides, I don’t follow him, I ain’t one ‘a his little Robins.”

That, at least, he knows how to respond to: “Lemme guess: he benched you.” Her squeaky growl and reddening face are enough of an answer, even if she denies it.

Not that she tries to deny it for long; “Like he thinks he’s somethin’! Yeah, maybe he showed me it was possible, but I started on my own!  Spoiler was out there for months before he stuck his beak in. Ugh!”  She aims a solid kick at a dumpster; good to confirm he has the same emotional regulation abilities as a teenager. “Whatever: gimme some ‘a your issues to think about instead. What’s yer poison, Oxy? Adderall?”

Hearing that come out of her voice should make him angry; maybe it does, but he’s just cold-concrete sad. “Weed. The boring kind.” His blunt correction leaves her looking a little lost, so he adds: “I got arthritis or some shit.”

Steph’s eyes widen in way too personal familiarity. “Got it, sucks ass. My mom swears by deep tissue massage, too.”

Letting someone see him, let alone touch him? “I think I’ll stick with getting stoned for now.”

“Fair. Need me to help ya cross the street, old man?”

—

“Need me to hold your hand while you call them, chum?”

Birdie doesn’t feel quite up to holding Cass’ hand, but her closeness (and silent insistence) is enough encouragement to message Tim.

to babybird: hey baby bird!! 

to babybird: maybe need a black blood top-up soon

to babybird: but maybe also picnic!?

He drops his phone in front of his stomach then, curling around it on his side in the nest. Cass has to wave her hand almost close enough to Bad to catch his attention.

‘Need-eat.’ She signs.

Birdie frowns: ‘You-hungry?’

Cass huffs, shaking her head, and starts reaching towards his bag—his arms lash out to grab it first, uncaring of thought or pain beyond no hunger no starving no taking food never again .

With the bag clutched to his chest, his sluggish heart slows, his shoulders and elbows lodging their protests at the jarring movement. What was that? Isn’t he better?

(Did he really think a couple weeks was enough to rebuild a person? To shore up the gaps and fill in all the Court had carved out? 

To get rid of what they left in its place? Maybe they broke something else in him, whatever tells you to give up on hopeless things.)

Too embarrassed to look back at Cass, Birdie is saved by a buzz from under the bag and, gentle on his joints, he snakes his hand under to slide out his phone. 

from babybird: are you safe? Do you need someone to pick you up? Any injuries to report?

Birdie snorts out a laugh, fond and a little guilty at the clinical worry Timmy displays. The warmth, good and bad, of the feelings gives him enough strength to lift his head, turning to Cass’ face—and oh, how the warmth and care and guilt overflow at the complete understanding she carries.

‘Have-some-soup,’ she signs, giving him that lopsided too-wide smile that’s all hers. He gives a weak thumbs up.

to babybird: dont worry, having soup party with cass.maybe meet tomorrow??

The response comes seconds later, buzzing in his hands, sending pins and needles up his fingers and wrists. 

from babybird: I hate you.are you coming to the tower tomorrow or am I dragging you

from babybird: I am not above sending Kon

With one hand, Birdie is able to send a smiling sun emoji, which he thinks gets across his feelings on the prospect well enough. He can't say he remembers Kon, not clearly; but it's a warm, tired, and protective blur on the memories, not fear-hide away from it-numbness that blocks the memories of Before. Cass shifts next to him: she’s pointing at the bag, hand a safer distance away.

“Eat.” Her eyes laugh, but her body is serious. Birdie sighs, tries to breathe out the nausea-guilt with it. Alfred’s soups are amazing, but cold soup can only awaken his slow stomach so much. Needing to be cajoled into eating feels gross, feels like the stick of a week’s sweat—why isn’t he hungry when he was starved ?

Cracking open the tupperware hits him with a wash of nutmeg and garlic. It’s one he hasn’t had before (one Birdie hasn’t had before; one the numbness doesn’t let through a memory of), and the novelty is enough to get him to lift it to his lips. The bright yellow soup rolls sweet and warm (even cold) and savory; pumpkin, maybe? A squash? It tastes like fall, a little like earth, and makes him want to roll up in the blankets, watch the rain through the glass storefront.

Cass gets up to stretch as he sips, movements languid and practiced (only echoes of her fighter-weapon past in her stance). Birdie watches with idle appreciation, an ugly little pit of jealousy he tries to bury in admiring her skill, the work she has done with her body free of any handler. The need to move is always more pronounced when he knows his body can’t.

He eats his soup, and reminds his aching wings that he’ll fly again soon.

Somewhere between putting away what he can’t finish and Cass needing to leave, the soup in his stomach and the patter of the rain is enough to overpower his aches and pull him to sleep. He dreams of a rat, pinned to the floor. He wakes, sweat-fear-fatigue, unsure if he is the rat or the knife.

Trying to unfurl from the blankets, being hit with the cool air, has the fear spiking, his sluggish ( dead, so much of you is dead, that’s why you’re slowing down you shouldn’t be alive you’re dead you’re— ) heart doing its best to race. He bundles back up as fast as the weight of his body allows.

Birdie is alone, in a laundromat with a flickering light, listening to the rain as his body is dying; just a little, slow enough to barely notice. But this time, Birdie knows , is fully aware that the reason he aches, the reason the soup still sits in his stomach, the reason even covering himself in a blanket took the energy of a quad, is that his body is shutting down.

How many times can a body be revived? (A mind?) He hates that he’s still more scared of the infusion than he is of decomposing. 

With Tim, it didn’t burn , but he can’t look at the days in the comfortable-but-still-hospital room and say it didn’t hurt , reopening not old wounds, but fresh abscesses from being unmade he’d only been able to cover in the thinnest feeling of care.
Notes:

    im not reflecting my own joints having a bit of a flare not at all

    ability unlocked: tricking yourself into thinking you're fine! (ability is currently unavailable)

    birdie: im chronic ill?
    cass: always have been

    jason, less than a year out of teenagehood: fucking teenagers
    jay: my dad smokes weed?? Help???

    starting the soup party trend get on it my fellow disableds

    almost ended this chapter with “something something theseus’ ship” birdie's sense of self of personhood is So fragile he's just been retreated/in "safe" (emotionally obv not physically the little daredevil) spaces. dick truly will pretend to be happy in every iteration

    genuinely how do people write fic while doing work+school like do i just write abysmally slow? are people dick-ing there way into convincing themselves they have writing energy even when they don't? like im doing both part time, anyone doing both full time or multiple jobs and still posting on time is so incredibly strong

    next up: quick top up

Chapter 7: are you dangerous?
Summary:

    dedicated to my big stupid fish who i will miss very much

    warnings: brief vomiting, some graphic imagery in birdie's POVs, children fighting, general warnings of trauma and dissociation definitely apply

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tim is fine. Beyond fine, really; he's transcended the calm he tried to force his body into at his brother casually mentioning he needs his resurrection medicine , now floating in a fuzzy emptiness.

That won't do though—he needs just enough awareness to start preparing more of the compound, which requires the awareness to slip out of the Manor and get to the Tower. Easy enough, right? Sneaking out from Drake Manor became so second nature to him he could be on the Gotham streets five minutes into the rare home gala. 

Sneaking out as Robin has admittedly never ended without a chase, and he hasn’t exactly tried as Tim (what can Tim do out there that would be more important than Robin?), but it’s not like Bruce’s protectiveness would extend to a no-suit daytime exit.

Right?

It’s not like the reveal of Dick has made Bruce linger longer, initiate contact, say “I love you,” “You are my son,” out loud. Not the misdirected desperation of the early days, expressed in hidden trackers and barked reprimands—something new, more internal and more external at the same time in a way that Tim can’t wrap his head around, can’t tell if it’s comforting and safe or a sign of Bad Days ahead.

…Maybe he’ll tell Bruce he’s leaving. While there's still the fear of being grilled for answers he can't give, Bruce has been trying his best not to ask after Dick, and on his therapist's orders limits his questioning when Tim offers information freely. 

Glancing at his phone for the time–2:37 p.m.–Tim is able to narrow down where his dad can be found in the Manor (the Bat schedule may be insane, but it's insane consistently).

By the time he’s made it to the gym ( the normie gym , Old-Dick corrects in his head), Bruce is sitting in a resting basket position in the aerial silks. Before his dad’s injury, he wouldn’t go near any of the acrobatic gear in either gym, and that first six months of recovery had him walking with parallel bars, not swinging between them. But once his right side could keep a baseline level of strength Bruce’s physical therapist, by then well aware of his restlessness, had suggested the silks as a gradual reintroduction of activity.

It took another month, and he refused to have Tim or Alfred in the room for his first session. Now, he can be found in them the day of a patrol after time off, for once focussed on easing himself into something instead of plowing into it (not that Tim’s much better. A little, at least). 

Bruce’s eyes scrunch a little when he sees him. “What’s up?” That plus the warmth in his voice is a Bruce smile (or a Dad smile?).

“Gonna head to the Tower.” There: enough information that Bruce won’t have to worry, no hints to Birdie, and no bending of the truth.

The processing is visible on Bruce’s face even if Tim can’t tell the outcome; by the time he answers, his face is calm warmth again. “Alright, thanks for telling me bud. How long are you expecting to be gone?”

Didn’t manage to evade all questioning, then. “Uhh, about two days?” His dad’s face is very much less calm for a second at the answer but again he collects himself. With a lean backwards, Bruce rolls gracefully out of the silks to stand; if it weren’t for his relaxed body language, Tim would almost think Bruce had changed his mind so completely that he’s standing to physically stop him from leaving (not that that’s a Now-Bruce move, though physically cuddling him to stop him could potentially be on the table).

"Sounds good, let me know if that changes. Oh, and if Victor is in, tell him to let Lucius know if the modifications he sent back are any more comfortable; feel free to blame it on me being pushy. Other than that, have fun, stay safe." 

Prematurely celebrating an easy escape, Tim agrees with a thumbs up, starts to turn and head out—only for Bruce to continue, softer yet carrying just as well: "And sweetheart? Try to get some sleep."

Almost easy.

"... I'll try."

And Bruce doesn't ask for more.

—

Birdie knows it's not the best idea to play catch-me on the rooftops with Steph the next morning, but he spotted her thinking so loudly and just knew she needed to get out of her head, needed to fly (and maybe he wants to fly out of something too).

Yes, the soup he ate before falling asleep sloshes in his stomach as he swings and rolls, almost seeming to curdle—but Steph smiles, and whoops, so it’s good? It’s worth it? 

It feels less worth it when the soup is splatting onto the concrete border of his last roof. His ribs, already aching from sleep, protest the retching, and it can’t restrain a shudder once the last is out. Can’t even appreciate your food privileges; next you’ll piss the blanket—

“Dang, rough stuff.” It Birdie hates that he doesn’t notice Steph’s approach, too caught in its past, its body. “Ya think ya got it all?” He spits again, nods (he can taste it, never gone). “Good, good. Return journey, or you wanna hole up somewhere near ‘ere while I grab yer stuff?”

What Birdie really wants is to undo this morning, the previous night; wants to rewind to the mild aches being easy to ignore, the sickness being combated by thorough blending and slow sips. He hates knowing his best efforts inevitably give way to his body ceasing to fight.

(And even if his efforts aren't his best, even if he ignores things he shouldn't and pushes harder than he should—is it really his fault when he knows it will get worse no matter what?)

Steph can't give him any of that, but she is, as always, giving help. 

‘New nest please. I’ll-put the bird-tracks blanket in the window.’ Because he did at least bring his bag with him; really, there isn't much else in the laundromat (there is no heated blanket, no easily-stained carpet, no bathroom door with a lock he controls.

Living light is fine, it really is, but there was something about the safehouse nest that became more nest than these temporary alcoves. The owls high in the tunnels always returned to the same nests).

“Aye-aye, cap’n.” Despite her bright energy, complete with a lazy salute, Steph has softened her voice. Her hand shifts to slowly, exaggeratedly poke Birdie’s shoulder (it’s funny. It’s necessary). “Take it slow, Bird-man.”

Birdie brushes off the concern clear in her awkward attempts, sticking out his tongue with an exaggerated pout. It’s only undermined a little by the remaining taste of bile hitting him hard enough to grimace once his mouth closes. Steph’s laughs echo off the narrow buildings as she leaves.

Scouting a worn-enough-to-be-abandoned, intact-enough-to-keep-warm is both hard and simple. Simple, in that he can usually judge insulation from the outside; hard, because you don’t know who’s found it first. His senses give him an edge up on most but he’s not the only meta hoping to hide in Gotham (he knows; bodies as hot as the sun, hands twisting puppet shows out of the shadows. He hopes he is the only one to know them).

As much as all of him screams to fly, Birdie sticks to safer routes, takes smaller jumps that barely ignite the thrill in his chest before his boots hit concrete and metal. He tears his eyes away from any window he spots movement in, unwilling to take more in about them than they think anyone can see. Each landing, each pull sends jolts through his shoulders, his knees, every place his body can bend and twist. 

Is it better to have a stiff body? Like Jay? But his Little Wing hurts, too. 

A shorter brick building passes his initial checks, and anything more thorough is beyond his (decomposing) body at the moment; with no flying flair, he drops into the window—

And hears someone take a breath.

—

Stepping out of the zeta tube, Tim waits a fraction of a second before releasing the breath he was holding; if Kon were here, he would have flown up to Tim by now. Cassie is still “visiting family,” Bart is grounded until Aunt Iris forgives him for running in without backup, and the others don’t tend to stay at the Tower unless there’s a mission or team training on the roster. 

The Tim of a year ago would be glad to have the Tower to himself, savor the space to experiment, to train, to think. The Tim of today… Someone in the other corner of the lab could be nice.

What about Birdie? He’s been spending time with Steph, but will he want her in the room during the infusion? What about Jason? At the time of the last infusion, Jason was acting as both Birdie’s primary caregiver and medical proxy—at least one of those is no longer the case, but if Birdie declines rapidly, Tim doesn’t know if he still wants Jason making those decisions.

Focus. Synthesizing enough of the compound and keeping it bioactive comes first. Ideally, already knowing its composition and bioactive conditions should make progress faster than before, but he doesn’t count on ideals.

But then the newly prepared compound is warming in the space heater-aided centrifuge, spinning a slow whirr, and Tim is left with nothing physical to distract himself. It only lasted what, three hours? (seven, if his phone is to be believed, but his phone lies). In the privacy of his lab, he can admit that he wants someone there like the last time: to vent his worries to, to bandage the hand of, to occupy space with him as he deals with what he can almost admit is beyond him.

Surely Birdie feels the same, right? Alone and treading water? 

to Birdie: the treatment should be ready in a couple hrs. do you want anyone with you during?

He tries not to worry that there's no immediate response—tries by sending an innocuous text to Jason.

to Jay: are you "working"?

from Jay: hiw the fuck ?

from Jay: and fuck off with your scare quotes I work

Tim snorts; at least he didn't have to wait.

to Jay: 1. im robin 2. but do u work now

So maybe he's baiting him ( if you annoy them they'll respond ). After the shit Red Hood's rejection-spiral put him through, Tim thinks he deserves a little needling.

from Jay: What'd birdbrain do now

to Jay: ask for help before it became an emergency, actually

Before Tim can further marvel at just how unlikely an outcome that was—

from Jay: Tower med center, right? omw

He… Probably should have expected this. His messages attempting to deescalate are left unread; Jason might be the only person who means "I am driving to you right now" when sending "omw".

(And Tim is just annoyed, not relieved that Jason is coming. If he hums and flaps his hands a bit, only the resurrected fly in the lab is there to see him.)

—

The strike that almost connects with its head is ingrained, not a movement wasted, body following through into a quick recovery—

Only a foot or so taller than the threat, Birdie briefly deludes himself that the small masked form throwing kick after punch after knife is like him; small but weapon, small but adult—

Another narrow dodge, and the threat huffs, light and pouty and inescapably childish.

Birdie grabs the wrist aimed for his throat. 'Stop!' he signs with the other hand. If the threat child can see in the mostly blacked-out room, they will see him mouthing too; 'Safe, no-fight! I’m-a-person—You’re-a-person!'

If the child's knife slipped, Birdie could reach his vocal chords and force them to work, grab slick sinew and pull the words out. Who made you I’ll protect you stop please—

The child is not scared; or, the child’s fear is not match for their frustration, pushing at his signing hands. 

“Let go, Talon! Fight me!”

 

“Fight me, Talon! How else will our Grandmaster see your worth?”



Its new Master is small, accent proper like the others if more varied in pitch, and its new Master is quick to anger. Talon will do what he has asked.

“What kind of shitstain hur—” Talon is not hurting. The child is a Master; a Master has given an order; a Talon would never be skilled enough to hurt a Master (most of the Masters are weak in body, sloppy and slow in technique; most of the Masters do not ask it to fight them. Only Cobb).

Small Master's fighting style is harder to adapt to now that it is ordered to fight back; it seems Small Master has been heavily trained in using a larger opponent's size and weight against them, transferring from the straightforward close-quarters to a rapid mix of forms, moving constantly, taking advantage of Talon’s size reducing its speed.

For a human, the strategy would work (From the huffing, Small Master is quick to anger, to taking their natural inferiority to the weapon they made to be better than them as insult, disrespect.

Talon will let Small Master have at least another minute).

As Talon accepts a few blows, bones snapping out and back into place, it shows no pain, does not slow. Something about this—this, one of its primary functions, no bitching— unsettles Small Master, always faltering at Talon's lack of response ( he will not perform for a child ). It takes advantage of the next most obvious fumble, taking down (such a small, small thing) Small Master and pinning them lightly.

Small Master breaks from it easily, huffing and flushed, slipping another knife hastily into their hand.

Before another desperate attack can be launched, Talon is rushing to Small Master, guarding them from whatever threat is swooping and crashing towards the far left window.

“Let go of—Fight! What are you—”

A blur of purple breaks through the half-installed window. The grapple Purple swung on detaches, and the figure pauses, seeming to come to a decision much too quickly for their human brain to have properly assessed the situation.

“So: Who’s the new baby?”
Notes:

    welcome back talon

    who could this mysterious precocious violent little toddler be? my long absence was for,, several reasons, but one of them was the sudden unexpected lead in into damian having me rework everything in my head. worth it for my baby tho

    i promise jason next chapter i promise there are just. a lot of little guys in this family lmao but hes a comin'

    idk if Tim was giving max 'tism in this chapter cause really that was the main emotion i was trying to convey

    birdie having a flare up in his gastroparesis definitely has nothing to do with a certain writer also having a gastroparesis flare up nuh uh no sir

    next up: spiderman pointing meme

Chapter 8: anything for love and war (it's what I'm here for)
Summary:

    i think just standard tagged warnings this chapter? oh stab wound happens but nothing bloody

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Admittedly, she wasn't expecting anything pretty, but Steph wasn't expecting things to have gone full Defcon-1 with an unknown baby assailant by the time she got back. Maybe growing up with child vigilantes kicking grown-adult-goon ass every school night did something to her brain, but once Birdie knocks the knife out of the murder munchkin's hand the sight of them fighting, this little black-wrapped body meeting made-tall-by-comparison Birdie blow for blow—it's kind of cute.

Then the murder munchkin is slipping a capsule from their sleeve, crushing it over yet another blade they've pulled from the seemingly infinite folds of their robes. Significantly less cute; especially because Birdie still hasn't answered her. Whatever he would say in sign or gesture doesn't matter, because he always responds, always forces his body into a shape as opposite of dangerous as possible.

But he's been like this before, hasn't he? A hand breaking through the vent below her, smearing black over her wrist and gripping like steel. That's Birdie, too, just not a Birdie he lets himself be around her. It may not be his choice to have stopped protecting her from it now, but she may as well take advantage.

Having never had to break up a genuine, evenly-matched fight between an adult and a six year old, especially not one where she likes the adult , Steph acts largely on instinct. Instinct drives her between them, facing the child to clumsily block a strike with her thankfully-armored forearm. 

They don’t let her speak, immediately moving to sweep her ankles; “Leave, inta-loper! You are not my mission.”

Oh they are tiny , their mouth not capable of pronouncing longer words with the same posh crispness they deliver the rest with. She trips avoiding the foot sweep. How old can he be? Not a street kid with that accent, but could they have picked him up? The murder child doesn’t press their advantage, instead taking the opening to engage Birdie again. To move like that? The kid must have been trained as young as Cass .

It feels a little less funny, thinking about them talking like that, fighting like that: the how of a kid trained to kill (maybe funny isn’t what she was feeling to begin with).

Birdie doesn’t give as good as he gets (not that he lets the kid get much of anything, seeming to dodge, block, or redirect before their moves even start), but it’s definitely more aggressive than she thinks the Birdie around her would ever be with a child, murderous or not. He never grabs for a weapon, he probably isn’t using his through-concrete-and-steel strength, but she can’t stop herself from flinching when his elbow grazes that little jaw.

The belief that both fighters are ignoring her is popped when Birdie’s too-big eyes snap to her in an instant, pupils wide enough that they almost look black before they catch a thin stream of light from the street—two thin rings of gold in wide eyes, on an ashy face. 

Does he cover his face so people don’t see he’s scared?

Seemingly committed to following through with the move at least once, the kid takes the opportunity of Birdie’s distraction for yet another foot sweep, this time succeeding in taking a still wide-eyed Birdie down, quickly using a thin pale-handled blade to pin Birdie to the floor.

Pin him to the floor through his shoulder . The child sits back on Birdie’s chest with a satisfied huff, small high-strung body relaxing . When they speak, she can hear a childish little smile in their voice.

“You are skilled, Talon, if sentimental. I doubt the Court is responsible for either.”

Instead of the fear she was taught to feel at mention of the old nursery rhyme, Steph just wants with all of her to not have heard that; not listened to it fall from that small posh little mouth instead of from willing hands. Steph knows Birdie was Nightwing, Robin, Dick, but the space between them and him is something he’s kept to himself—and Steph, still doing physical therapy for her core, still doing talk therapy for the what-if s—Steph understood.

Birdie flicks those wide eyes to her again. Steph doesn’t know if she hopes he sees the guilt on her face or hopes the mask hides it. He looks back at the child on top of him and, telegraphing his movements like Bruce’s shadowboxing, slowly pulls the blade—a short, thin thing, straight like a kitchen knife—from his shoulder and drops it to his side. And using the same hand;

‘Little-owl from where?’

—

It is Talon, obeying its new Master, ignoring the intrusion as its Master does not direct it to the new threat. It takes the opening to strike Master's jaw, knowing the little Master will be frustrated if it doesn't make an attack soon. Little Master evades most of the contact, its knuckles only grazing; Cobb would punish the failure, but they only grin, eager to continue the (lesson? Test?) fight.

It is Talon, and it is not ignoring the intruder as a Talon must be aware of all things around it. It hears a sharp intake of breath from the intruder, and looks—what had startled them? A new Threat?

But all it sees is the intruder staring back at it, their purple-and-black clad body tensed in what their eyes spell out freely: fear. Fear of it (him?).

It gets a strange (familiar) instinct to cover its face (can’t scare her, can’t be a monster, can’t)—

Little Master’s forearm against its (his?) throat is replaced by their blade in his its shoulder, their knees sharp against his its chest, pinning it at three points. What a specimen you make Richard, pinned to our table— Three points of contact. This close, little Master’s young eyes encompass all of Talon’s view, their pride at the victory clear and pure and unrestrained in a way no Master would show, in.

In a way only a child can. There are no Masters this small, this light, this interested in a fair fight: there are no child masters. Only kids, broken and remade in a master ’s image.

Birdie has experience with those. Removing the sword is easy, the pain unfelt as he signs a warm question. It He manages to break his eyes away to look back at the—at Steph, his friend who he scared, his friend who watched him hurt fight a child . She doesn’t look scared anymore, just worried (and amused?), but he can’t make himself reach out to her; he couldn’t bear to watch her flinch.

“Don’ ask me Birdie, I thought ya just picked up another stray bird.” She answers his question with an overly casual shrug; do all Gotham Birds do this, put on nonchalance like armor? 

The little owlet on his chest chooses indignance instead of nonchalance: “What did he say?! I demand you tell me!”

A snort bursts out of Birdie before he can stop it, chest spasming with restrained laughter. The movement of his chest bounces the child on top of him, making them have to shoot out a hand to his (already healed) shoulder to stabilize, not helping their indignation. They puff up like the owlet they are:

"Are you—how dare you laugh at me!? I bested you!" By the end of their decrying, there's a distinct whine to their voice ( "That's not fair Dickhead, I beat you!" ). It's a surprising relief, seeing them act as a child, not just a weapon. It's also cute. Birdie signs as much.

Steph takes her turn to snort, then apparently decides to have mercy on the owlet. "He jus' wants ta know where you came from, same as me—well, I also wanna know who the fu-heck ya are, but he's decided you're his little owl." They huff at the last comment, shooting a betrayed look at Birdie that he can only answer with unrepentantly smiling eyes. Making a noise of disgust that sounds a little more like hacking something up with their small mouth, they hop off his chest (Birdie suppresses his already barely-there gasp as air rushes into his previously squashed lungs) and rise to stand proudly in one fluid motion.

“I am Damian Wayne al Ghul, Heir to the Head of the Demon and Heir to the Bat of Gotham. I have tested Father’s Talon and found his skills susffi-sent; I will say so to Mother.” 

Talon Birdie can’t think about what is being revealed, has to put all of it away in its corner because this owlet, this tool in a Master’s clothing—they have a lisp. A lisp that has so clearly been trained, beaten out of them, but their mouth is just too newly formed to hide. It's adorable, and awful; such a terrible contrast to the blade Damian Wayne al Ghul sweeps back into hand.

Steph stands slack-jawed steps away from them, but Birdie can't focus on her with the contradiction in front of him. 'Your Mother do-this? Remake you?' he signs from the floor—fighting when his body is already slowing down has made getting up a bridge he’ll burn when he comes to it. 

Of course, Damian only scowls, what little of their face isn't covered showing their childish frustration at not understanding (unsurprising for a child no doubt expected to perfect everything). Birdie only looks away from them once he realizes he isn’t hearing Steph translate. ‘S-Squirrel OK?’

Demoing her new name sign at least (at last) gets her to look at him instead of wherever Damian’s declaration took her. Her shock remains, but her mouth twitches in a valiant effort to smile. “Funny,” she signs and says then, instead of translating (did she even see him sign?), asks her own question of Damian: “Your ‘Father’ is who exactly?”

Damian Wayne al Ghul scoffs; “As if you do not know, being under his protection .” And oh, how wrong that sneer looks on such a small face. “Be thankful he has not adopted you like the remaining false heir; I doubt you would put up as good a fight.” And that, well that just won’t stand. Steph is clearly working up her own harsh response, her cheeks flushed in offense where they peek out from the top of her mask, but Birdie leaps past the insult to focus on the threat.

‘You will not -fight Baby-Bird.’

After getting the translation from a begrudging Steph, Damian frowns, looks down at Birdie still on the ground, then smiles in victory once again: “And you will stop me?”

As if it’s even a question, decomposing or not: ‘Always.’

—

Pulling to a screeching halt at Teenies Tower only to find out Dickie isn’t there yet may not be enough to get the Pit stirring, but it is annoying as shit (it definitely doesn’t send a spike of anxiety through Jason’s chest, knowing his brother Dickie is hurting and he can’t be there to help). He still takes the stairs up two at a time. 

After stopping by the medical rooms (empty; he caught a glimpse of the new blonde Wonder Girl on his way up, but he could have sworn the Tower wasn’t this empty when Dick was on the team), his phone buzzes against his leg.

from The Third: im in the lab u impatient asshole

What are they teaching kids these days? Sure, Jason might have said worse words before he turned twelve, but at least he wasn’t watching people through cameras. No wonder the Bman snatched him up, the stalker .

Tim’s lab is… A mess. Growing up in Crime Alley, Jason lived around dirty needles, ate food from dumpsters, breathed nothing but unwashed air—Jason can handle mess, he can , but seeing the half-eaten food and discarded test tubes makes his skin itch (makes that spike in his chest dig deeper). The thought of walking through to find Tim… It would just be a waste of his time, is all.

“What are you buried under Baby Bird?” It’s strange, hearing his own voice unmodulated, but it’s not as if there’d be a point to it with the baby genius around. A box gets knocked off a table as Tim’s head pops up:

“Oh! I dropped a test tube, just picking up the glass, then you can come in.” There’s a certain edge to his face, his words, panic and relief with a flat calm pasted over it. Jason doesn’t like it. There’s a lot about this lab he doesn’t like.

Alright. Just be normal. “Why don’ you come out here when yer done?” There, that’s a perfectly serviceable request, nothing for the mini detective to question. 

Except of course he finds something to question, popping his head up further like a little fucking meerkat and squinting over at him (does the kid need glasses? Should he—nope, no need to offer drug money to the kid with the richest adoptive dad on the East Coast). “You okay?”

Thankfully, Jason has practice deflecting that one: “Ask again when you’re not pickin’ up broken glass with your bare hands.” He could go deeper, comment on the dark circles under Tim’s eyes that, while better than the ones he’d worn during his breakdown on the roof, are definitely closer to raccoon (or domino) than a healthy teenager.

Not that Jason knows what one of those looks like. Still, a lot of the kids in his shelters look better rested than Timmy Drake-Wayne. At least the exhaustion doesn’t make him too clumsy to finish picking up the glass without cutting himself (and Jason definitely doesn’t feel any relief when Tim empties the shards into a sharps container, exposing his unharmed hands). Tim navigates the messy lab with practiced ease, coming to a stop a foot or so in front of him before clapping his hands:

“So! I’ve synthesized enough of the compound; maybe more than enough since he’s not in as bad a state as before—have you heard from him?” At this, he rubs the back of his neck, “I may have sent Steph to watch him this morning though, and all she’s said is they’re taking it easy on parkour because of his stomach.” All of it is rapid-fire, a flat intonation Jason recognizes from the rooftop; yeah, things might not be as bad as then, but he’s definitely reaching an edge.

Strangely, it gives Jason a sense of calm. “Hey, take a breath.” He can’t help but laugh at himself: “ ‘member when it was you sayin’ that, huh? Ya did your part, his meds are here, now we trust him n’ Steph to get ‘im where he needs to be.” Easier said than done, but then again it’s always been easier to convince the kids of the Alley that things will be okay than it is to believe it himself.

The kid’s mouth twitches in something approaching a smile, and he takes Jason’s recycled advice, sucking in a large breath and blowing it slowly out, shaking out his hands to physically shake off the tension. “Okay. Yeah.” A couple more deep breaths. “ Have you heard from him?”

Yeah, Jason can’t shake it fully either. "No, I haven't,” he raises a hand to quell Tim’s instantly reemerging panic, “but we don’t exactly chat every day, he didn’t even know I was comin’ here.” That Jason also didn’t know Jason was coming here goes unsaid. “Steph’ll say if somethin’s gone wrong. How’s about we start pickin’ this up in the meantime?”

Tim looks around the lab as if seeing it for the first time. A bit of Jason’s (constant) stress melts away at Tim’s daunted, bug-eyed face. He has to fight the urge to pat the poor kid on the back. Instead, he decides to play old brother: “C’mon, where’s that tactical training! What’s our first course of action, Robin ‘ol boy?”

Bug-eyes turn into a squinted glare— if Dick taught him anything about older brothers, that means he’s helped.

—

Disarming the little owlet is significantly easier without the dissociative haze of obedience (Birdie still leaves them the knife clipped in the bottom of their boot; leaving a lone child without any weapon of defense feels almost as wrong as the child having weapons in the first place). He can’t say if it’s due to actually being more skilled than Damian, or if the sudden shift of approach just rocked the child’s perception of an opponent they thought they’d already measured up. 

Damien accepts their weapons being stored in Birdie’s bag with a toddler-worthy pout, muttering something about the weapons chipping each other in the bag that Birdie decides to ignore, considering both of them know the only reason they weren’t chipped in the fight was Birdie’s lack of talons claws. Steph has moved on from shock back to laughter, so he feels less guilty handing off the bag with hilts sticking out at all heights and angles to her. The second mini-skirmish has left his already heavy arms shaking.

‘Baby-Bird safe if we-go-to Tower now?’ He poses the question to both child fighters, worried Steph may not translate it out loud otherwise. He shouldn’t have worried. She translates, and Damian grudgingly agrees.

“We are going to Father’s tower now then, yes?”

Birdie turns to look at Damian in confusion at the same time as Steph. The way their combined stares make the little owlet shrink back makes him want to coo, but he restrains himself (barely). ‘No, Baby-Bird Team Tower to give me black-blood. Top-up,’ he adds with what he hopes is interpreted as a joking smile.

The groan Steph gives, and the matching one Damian provides (after translation and some brief explanation) tells him he probably succeeded. It does almost make him regret leaving the boot knife as it pops into Damian's hand, their childish pout replaced with deadly (and maybe still a little pouty) seriousness.

"You are trying to- to stall me! Cease these tricks and bring me to Father!"

Before Birdie can try to de-escalate, Steph takes a different approach: "Because I'm sure yer dad will jus' love ya delayin' his oldest's medical care—we are letting ya come with, but if ya wanna throw a tantrum then maybe ya do need to see yer daddy ."

It's meaner than Birdie (maybe not than Dick?) wants to be with another child-turned-weapon, but the stubborn set of Damian’s shoulders at the challenge shows it was the right move before they open their mouth to respond, boot knife dropping to tuck into their waistband instead. Seeing them awkwardly bend to snap it in place would have been cuter, but it’s probably best—cooing would probably ruffle too many feathers.
Notes:

    yes i know the sign for owl would be pretty unclear one-handed especially to an ASL beginner but i’ve thought abt birdie calling damian owlet for Months and it had to happen while he was impaled

    hey at least nothin super bad happened to delay the upload no classic ao3 author stories here even my breakdowns were productive

    jason is the neatest batfamily member and yes it is because of trauma but alfred still appreciates it

    almost ended the chapter before dami pulled out the boot knife but I couldn't bear even the implication that the lil rascal would be compliant for a minute.

    old boring linguistic prescriptivists: never split an infinitive
    me, a close to certified editor: splitting infinitives like they're dough for dumplings

    i have unfortunately been swept back into two old special interests and am also moving so. i know no one who regularly keeps up with this fic expects consistent updates but next one might be a while

    next up: family meeting! again! birdie gets his special juice

Chapter 9: be my wings and my eyes
Summary:

    tagged warnings apply; lemme know if there's anything extra in this chap i should add

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

He doesn't know why Damian's refusal to be carried for the rooftop trip hurts him ( "A ride from —? The AV club will never believe me!" ). Maybe it's because Birdie ends up needing to be the one almost-carried, Steph even deciding to cut the trip short after a fumbled catch with his sluggishly healing shoulder (did Damian just reach out to catch him? He appreciates it, even if his dense corded muscles would just send them both tumbling), directing them to the nearest Zeta tube instead.

He barely has time to question what Zeta means before they’re stepping into a forgotten-familiar cutout in the alley wall, lighting up a forgotten-familiar blue; “Recognized: Spoiler. Two unrecognized entities present. Transport?”

Steph must hit something to confirm, but all Birdie can think is unrecognized? Where is

“Recognized: Robin, One”

“Recognized: —wing”

Then the space around them warps , blue and nothing and everything squeezing into him, through him until—

"Recognized: Spoiler." They've arrived. It He is in the clean, clear walls of Baby Bird's Tower.

It He isn't the only one unmoored by the rapid change. The owlet is tense (not that they ever relaxed . Birdie will have to introduce Damian to heated blankets), knife at the ready even as their torso spasms with a suppressed gag. Birdie (Wing?) doesn't coo, can't, but forms fluffed-protective-big behind them.

“Hey, Birdie!” Steph steps into his line of sight, body open-forced relaxed-real calm. “We-ah here! Sorry if the Zeta fu-messed with ya, I know during my—I know when I was injured i’ made me wanna hurl.” At that, she throws a look to Damian behind him, signing ‘Kid’s fine, a little green.’ Reassuring Birdie without calling attention to something Damian would puff up and deny. It’s kind, and more subtle than how Steph usually operates; with it, Birdie can shake off some of the need to protect that pulls him just-too-close to weapon.

Before he can attempt to pass reassurance on to the little owlet, Baby Bird’s familiar steps echo closer, across metal and linoleum and glass. 

Birdie lets his shoulders drop the rest of the way. Damian does not, knife wielded firmly, nausea replaced by deadly focus. Birdie wants to sign stop, you are both my young , but can only charade calm , make a warbling coo and step in front of them once again.

“Get out of my way, Talon! I will face whoever app’oaches and best them just as I bested you!” Cooing again probably wouldn’t be appreciated; if Little Owlet learned just how cute their determined little squint is, they will probably pull up their mask to cover their eyes. Birdie wouldn’t want to put them at a disadvantage, even as he is determined not to let this turn into another fight. 

Without turning away from Damian, he signs to Steph, ‘Make-sure Baby-Bird stays calm. No fight.’ This only frustrates Little Owlet more. Birdie will have to teach them sign. Maybe they would get along with Cass? He can’t help turning his head as the doors slide open (what would they call this room? It’s more empty than he thinks open-white-tubes Kon could stand to be in long. Is it just an entry for the Zeta tubes? Containment?), especially when Timmy’s shuffling-light footsteps are tailed by heavy-boots-light-step. Is that-?

“Told ya Steph’d get him here.” Jay’s voice is rough, like the last time he saw him, like the first (not the softness he’d found in the nest, they ’d found). 

Timmy huffs, and Birdie knows his eyes are locked on Damian just as his own have been drawn back to him. Damian’s eyes flick back and forth between the two new entrants, apprehension and dread and… Recognition?

Damian scoffs (all bravado, even with the sweat on their brow). “Of course you’d find your way here, silah .” The word is familiar, but not enough to pull through Birdie’s knowledge from Before. He doesn’t need it to feel Jay stiffen, to turn back to him and see the extra flash of green in his eyes, the tremble of his fists.

Birdie looks back to Little Owlet with his own anger. “No. Stop.”

—

At least when Jason looks to Birdie, he can see his own shock echoed in those round eyes. Because Birdie spoke . The first and last time Jason heard that voice Birdie was so deep in flashbacks he probably wasn’t aware of any sound at all. 

Birdie gets over the shock faster, gesturing to Steph before signing. Jason wishes he could say his lessons have paid off, that he can recognize some of what his brother is saying, but most of the signs only become recognizable once he has Steph’s words to match:

“Jay is our brother. Tim is our brother. Be respectful, or I take away your knife.” Tim mumbles something like ‘you let him have a knife?’ beside him, but Steph just snorts. “Birdie’s serious, too; ‘bout the only thing that could make him angry, I think.” Birdie signs something else that makes Steph ‘ooo’ dramatically: “ ‘Not angry, just disappointed’? That’s cold .”

He almost regrets not wearing the helmet (still masked, which he both thanks and curses Bruce for training into him) for the way his snorting laugh comes out unfiltered. 

It's clear the knived brat (don't think about the familiar set of their brow, the unnatural green in their eyes, the accent that only comes from one place, shut up ) has a snotty comment to share on it, but a stern look from Birdie to the knife in their hand and back has them sheathing the barb and knife with a put up on sigh too big for their little body.

Birdie huffs his own laugh before wincing, putting a hand to his stomach—injury? Tim asks before he can (why are you always too late?).

"Not injured, muscles tired—are ya sure you're not injured?" Steph interrupts her interpreting, "I saw ya favorin' yer other shoulder. 'Slow healing, fine now'? How's about we let Tim check that."

His responding pout is audible. Tough; if Steph weren't already manhandling him over (in that Alley way, hand loose on his arm to show there's always a way out) Jason would be. 

That leaves the armed little brat, clearly tempted to trail after them but unsure if they can, if they should. (Was the Heir to the Demon King so uncertain, then? Did they look to Talia for direction as he did?) (Did she respond with care instead of orders?)

“Hey,” Jason’s mouth moves before he can stop it, “any injuries on you, kid?”

It's everything and nothing like trying to suss out Birdie’s needs in those early days; everything and nothing like it is with his Alley kids, too. So unlike because they're clearly well cared for—but not a human type of care. Maintenance, more like. They're elitist, but he can see the Alley-kid posturing in that too. Hell, with someone so small, he can see the kid in all of it.

Being addressed as such is definitely not something the kid is used to; it takes them a couple seconds to realize they are who he’s talking to. Once they do, that little scowl comes back full force:

“As if I would allow myself to be injured by an infee-yor opponent.” 

Alright, Jason can see why Birdie finds the little brat cute. Even with the mask/wrap the kid has going on, even with the accent he isn't thinking about, those little stumbles around certain words are clear enough to see. Still, that’s a reply Jason himself would give even while bleeding out, so he calls bullshit: “A quick exam wi’ Birdie would’n’ be a big deal then, would it?” If they really were an Alley kid, he might tack on an ‘unless you’re scared’, but he prefers to keep his body knife-free. Still, the taunt alone hasn’t pushed the little brat forward from their teetering, rocking toe to heel ( you made this thing kill, Talia? This fawn, forced to lunge instead of stumble? It was one thing with something already broken, already dead and returned to clay to be remolded—isn’t an Alley kid born to kill anyway—but you could have given your child the world, and you fed them to it instead ).

He sighs, runs his hands down his thighs. “Look: say you’re keeping an eye on the interlopers or somethin’; we’ll all be in the med room anyway, easy to surveil us all.” His sarcasm is definitely picked up, if he didn’t think the frown could get any deeper on their sliver of open face. After a brief huff, they nod, forcing surety to their little steps.

Jason is maybe a little relieved to get moving; he didn’t like the way Birdie had to lean on Steph on the way out.

—

Birdie’s nausea has calmed down by the time they make it to the medcenter—the medcenter that Timmy quickly redirects Steph from before Birdie can really process what the room contains, leading them instead to the same warm room he had his first infusion in. It looks different now, brighter, softer; or maybe his looking is what's different.

Or it's the dizziness. Probably not, since he's pretty sure he was more dizzy then, but he also doesn't remember enough to be sure. The walls are a gentle green—the one containing the door wallpapered with black-and-white trees—and the white sterile ceiling and floor are offset by the warm lighting. Strewn across the wallpaper “leaves” are a handful of stickers, a mixture of bubbly cartoon characters and less child-friendly slogans. The seats around the large bed/recliner are well worn, patched and upholstered in colorful patterns without being stressfully busy.

It looks like kids stay here. Birdie knew that (Dick knew that), but even with the allowance of teenage kids, a Tower of them needing a dedicated treatment room fit for those scared of treatment is. It brings an ugly, gurgling feeling up to break through the room’s intentional calm. At least there's nothing left in his stomach now.

Steph nudges him. Oh, Timmy is waiting—for a response? For Birdie to sit? Birdie warbles in question.

‘He-wants see your shoulder,’ Steph signs, and speaks too! The dizziness makes words a little hard to understand. Why does Timmy want to see his shoulder? Regardless of the reason, Birdie complies, slipping his arm out of his sweater. An uncomfortable tugging as his shoulder rotates reminds him why: little owlet’s winning move. Wounds taking time to heal is so foreign to this body that he hadn’t considered it could still be sensitive by the time they got to the room. Still, taking a look himself ( don’t look at its pale skin, so unlike Mama, dark veins showing where they filled it again and again ) he finds only dry “blood” and a small scabbed line.

Timmy looks, too, thin hands reaching out to gauge size but careful to never touch. ‘Stab-wound? How-long ago, thirty minutes? Range-of-motion limited?’ Oh his Baby Bird, too curious for his own good.

“Yeah, closer to twenty-three minutes? How’s it move now Birdie?” He’s glad for Steph rewording the last question, repeating it in general. Cautiously, he rotates the joint again, finding only that same skin-pinching sensation on the surface, nothing as deep as Damian’s blade went. He tells them as much.

Noting this down on a tablet, Timmy asks another question (can this be the final one? He’d really enjoy the heated blanket): “Slower than your normal healing factor, then? By a factor of what, do you think?” Maybe that’s something Dick could calculate, even Birdie at his sharpest, but as it is he just shrugs, his opposite hand coming up to sluggishly pull his sleeve back on. He fumbles for long enough that Steph reaches over to pull his sweater down for him. That seems to be a sign for Timmy. “Alright, questions can wait; let’s get you sitting back. Where is…?”

Before Birdie has to do the hard work of filling in the blank in his question (or even harder, asking ), familiar boots echo into the room. ‘Jay!’ Turning to face him does send his head spinning long enough that Steph has to steady him, but it’s worth it to see his Little Wing leading in a pouting baby owl. 

(Thinking of Damian as Owlet is natural, even as it stings like stretching newly-healed skin. He can’t remember when it last thought of the little owlets in the maze’s ledges with any emotion, and Owl is so distinctly Master in a way this child only pretends to, but. Somewhere in Birdie’s free mind, the mother wings of those owls around their babies has come to mean affection in the stilted way he is learning, relearning to show it. His Little Wing, his Baby Bird, his Owlet—his Squirrel? Steph would laugh at that. Maybe Sparrow for Cass, though he can’t tell if she wants to be someone ’s Sparrow yet.)

Jay doesn’t need direction to help Birdie into the recliner, though Timmy might’ve given it. Birdie only needs to make a grabby motion and sign ‘warm’ for Jay to pull out the heated blanket and tuck it around him, plugging it in with a chuckle; “This is why you called in early, huh? Needed yer blanket fix?” It’s not quite true, but Birdie nods happily anyway, burrowing in further and cooing to the tune of another raspy Jay laugh.

What follows is a less, but growing more, familiar little sound; a scoff from the little body still standing unsure in the doorway. They mutter something in words half-familiar but uniquely combined. Birdie doesn’t know the dialect, but imagines curling up in blankets is the main source of their complaint. Grumbled in that little voice, it can’t be anything other than cute. He doesn’t have to look up from his blanket nest to know the second coo he lets out is responded to with a deeper pout.

He snakes one hand out of the blanket to sign, ‘Weapon too-soft, huh? Need get you-your-own warm blanket.’ Birdie remembers a second later that Owlet can’t understand his sign, but he decides with Damian’s unidentified-language insults they’re probably even. Jay makes a sort of choking noise that has Birdie opening his eyes again, following Jay’s line of sight to Timmy. Oh, was he translating? Back in their nest, Jay didn’t like Birdie referring to itself as a weapon, so Birdie fumbles signs to reassure.

Jay’s voice still sounds choked when he waves him off: “I know you were joking, Birdie; jus’ thought you’d be too tired to sass the baby brat.” His Little Wing isn’t upset, he’s trying not to laugh . That’s good. Birdie does frown in disapproval of calling his Owlet a brat. Sure, they’re a precocious little thing, quick to attack physically or verbally before they can be attacked in turn, but—

A tiny scoff. “As if the product of a few men grasping for power from old nurs’y rhymes could ‘sass’ me.”

And that. Hurts; even as he stops Jay from snapping back with a hand clumsily patting at his arm, Birdie has to fight through the echoing sting of being called product, object. Fighting through the hurt only digs up a rawer, confused pain: “men grasping for power”? The Court’s power is all-consuming, all-knowing, ancient . Isn’t it? Wasn’t he so thoroughly unmade and remade by a power so rooted in society nothing could have stopped it? (Could he have stopped it? Was Dick just not strong enough?)

Damian just said it to attack first. They didn’t mean it. It isn’t true.

—

Steph has seen Birdie still, before, seen him nap in his blanket nest opposite Cass in her own. This stillness; delayed reactions, curling into the recliner as if to sink into it—it’s uncomfortable. Unsettling, some other un-word. Un-Birdie. She even prefers the combative Birdie she saw as he fought the Bat-heir (and oh, she’s gonna bully the shit out of Bruce for having a whole fucking kid . They even inherited his scowl!). 

Damian’s snarky comeback to his joke seems to block whatever awareness of the people around him Birdie still had, and not for the first time Steph feels completely out of her depth. People have dissociated around her, yeah, or zoned out from drugs or some other health thing, but there’s usually a pretty clear call to action: get their friend, get their family, get them water, get a nurse—even when she helps, it isn’t like she’s their first line of defense.

It isn’t like that now, either. But with Tim setting up the IV and Red Hood jumping to defend against Damian’s words, Steph is left with Birdie as he is—not the Birdie that will be made better by Tim’s treatment; not the Birdie that will hear Hood’s defense; but Birdie now, alone in his body.

“Ya know, Cass showed me a new dance routine she’s workin’ on?” She tries to sign along with her softly spoken words. Steph’s far from being able to really interpret for him, just lucky that he’s entertained by how she fills in the gaps; but she knows just enough ASL to know it isn’t signed English, and not nearly enough to make it anything more than that while talking English at the same time. Still, she pushes on: “It’s got more of a swing to it than that ballet-stuff she’s done bafore, tol’ her we needed to get her one of them spinny skirts for it.”

Birdie stays curled up in the blanket, eyes looking at nothing in particular, but he doesn’t look any worse. Steph’s done stupider things for no benefit.

By the time she’s retelling the epic battle Boss the Squirrel fought over a bag of trail mix, Hood and Damian seem to have mostly tabled their little spat, Hood coming up to Birdie’s right and covering his hand with his own rough one while Damian waits, awkward and upset. The extra attention doesn’t make her embarrassed enough to stop; after a highschool pregnancy, not many things can embarrass her. She keeps rambling, giving up on signing to mirror Hood’s hand-holding, and once she’s down to trying to list all the animals they’d named together, Birdie’s hand twitches a touch under her. His head tilts in her direction, eyes smiling even if his face hasn’t caught up yet.

A clearing throat pulls her away from the moment. Tim is there, capped cannula needle in hand. With the other, he signs, ‘You ready now, Birdie?’ Steph is surprised by Hood whispering the translation into Birdie’s ear. Birdie grips both their hands back in response, shaking his head—she thinks he’s saying no, at first, and Hood seems just as ready to demand they wait—then he raises his hand from under hers.

‘OK…’ He looks to her and Hood in turn, hesitating: ‘Keep telling stories?’

“Of course.” “Of course.” She makes eye contact with Hood. Clearly he’s picked up some signs.

Birdie smiles between them. ‘OK. Top me up.’ Steph laughs as Hood and Tim groan. Still, Tim drags the IV pole a little closer and rips open an alcohol wipe, asking Birdie which arm to place it in. He raises his right briefly, hand still attached to Hood’s. 

Before Tim can push his right sleeve up, Damian jumps to his side. “What is that you’re putting in him?” Steph isn’t the only one to wince. She barely understands the stuff herself. Figured it wasn’t her business; Birdie shares what he’s comfortable with. Even if he’s not as freaked as the last time she saw him in this room, it’s clearly not a fun process.

Hood is the one who answers, after a reluctant nod from Birdie (or just slow. It’s hard to tell right now). “What they did to him made his body reliant on a regenerative chemical. Once he burns through it, his body starts to shut down.”

The explanation is clearly startling, wide eyes popping out even under their mask, but Damian tries to pass it off with a scoff. “Yes, but what is it .”

‘Go-juice. I need it. Science talk later.’

Interpreting Birdie’s shut-down is a pleasure. Once she’s done, Hood takes up the storytelling.
Notes:

    like the chilean miners,,,,,,

    memory unlocked: zeta tubes!

    silah translates to weapon in a couple languages, namely arabic (romanized) and azerbaijani; i am endlessly frustrated with people deciding the league just speaks arabic, they have their own dialect here cause of course an isolationist cult would, and while it is influenced by arabic it is also influenced by pashto, farsi, and khowar, as well as a few other dialects spoken in the nearby region

    this is not an anti-talia series!!! Jason is just exposed to her worst side for her whole “train my beloved’s dead son to get revenge on him” plan, he never actually saw dami more than in passing

    there actually isn't a one-to-one vocab word for talon in asl, it’s more using shape language in the context of a sentence to mean it

    we are laying the groundwork of the court being newer, smaller, and less powerful than they pretended. They aren’t a hidden cabal (yuck yuck yuck), but intentionally played on that image to seem more imposing

    steph: haha bruce has a kid!
    also steph: is bruce’s kid

    moving killed my little autistic brain

    Next up: Birdie gets topped-up, Batman encounters something strange

Chapter 10: what reveals you is what you try and hide away
Summary:

    typical medical trauma warning and new tagged warning apply

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

This time, Birdie doesn't notice the infusion has started until half the IV bag is gone. He notices something before then, but that warm mild something is easily swept away in favor of Jay’s stories; Jay’s and Steph’s hands; the pouting little wonder standing unsure in front of them all. It's his Owlet who helps him notice at all, their eyes flicking from him to a point next to him until Birdie is aware enough to look at what's splitting Owlet’s attention, and to see the draining dark bag on the pole and understand what it is.

He wasn’t as disoriented as last time to begin with; things slot back into place faster. Flexing his hands has Jay and Steph letting go with nothing further said. Tim is standing even further away than Damian and Birdie’s fully-healed arm easily beckons him over. ‘Do your questions, observations, I-know you-want to.’  Whether it’s the gentle teasing or the new awareness in his eyes that makes Tim smirk, Birdie will count it as a win either way.

Before Tim can cross the threshold of Birdie’s blanket-covered toes, a small gloved hand snaps out to stop him. “What did he ask you for? He is getting treated, what more must you do?” The hot air Damian has managed to puff themself up with before is gone, now, the time standing and watching and standing deflating them to just the child out of their element, grasping for understanding (and is there protectiveness there too? For a worthy opponent, an asset—a lodestone to a weapon shard). 

Birdie clicks his tongue, and all eyes snap to him (not to punish him for making noise, he is him and him can make noise even if speech doesn't feel quite safe yet). None as fast as Little Owlet’s, their shoulders dropping from protection to reception. He trusts Tim to interpret: ‘It’s-alright. Tests aren't bad here, Baby Bird just wants to see how the infusion is helping.’

The shy look of too-old pride in Jay’s eyes as he sees what Birdie says is impossible to miss. Birdie feels pride of his own well up in response, as couched in embarrassment as it might be; to be able to recognize ‘not-bad’ tests, to calm someone else's fears about them, is something the Birdie Jay took care of couldn't have hoped to accomplish. 

For my birds though, my robins? To make them feel safe? Without a second thought.

He makes note of the wince hidden behind Jay’s pride, most noticeable Jay’s eyes pass the lights—or when Dami responds to Tim’s interpreting, young voice brighter than the lights. “Acce’table. Do not… Do not tax him unduly.” And Dami steps aside, standing in a form of parade rest at the end of the huge plush recliner. All his Little Owlet’s contradictions on display makes him want to wrap them up in the heated blanket with him. With his mind clearer now, Birdie knows he’ll have to get them more comfortable with him first. Maybe after his evaluations, he can ask Timmy where another one is for Dami to try on their own; in the meantime, he could ask Jay to join him…

Maybe not. Not out of lack of comfort with Birdie, but with three other people in the room, only one another Robin? He could pull the sickness card, say cuddling would make him feel better (and that wouldn’t even be a lie), but it would be pushing Jay outside of his hard-won comfort zone, and he knows it, so he won’t. (He will grab Jay’s hand again, squeezing it in rhythm as Tim asks his first question. Jay squeezes back).

The questions are mostly the same as the ones he remembers from the haze before the infusion—Timmy thinks what he was able to gather on his shoulder wound is a good point of comparison for evaluating the infusion’s effects. Pulling down the collar of his shirt reveals a silvery-tan scar, barely visible, and he tells Timmy it will probably disappear completely by the time the infusion is finished (agreeing to show him then with only a little laugh at his eagerness). 

Despite feeling better, sitting up to test his range of motion is enough of a chore that Birdie finds himself whining as he does, pulling a Dami-worthy pout when Jay and Steph laugh at him. Without all the aches, he’s finally comfortable! Rotating and stretching his shoulder provides no resistance. Back to normal, though Timmy frowns and asks him to repeat the motions, along with asking him to fully extend the elbow of that arm.

After a moment, Timmy nods his head, rocking on his heels a little. “I guess suspected hypermobile Ehlers Danlos Syndrome was in your file in the Cave.” Birdie quirks his head, a bit lost; it sounds vaguely Before-familiar, but the term doesn’t feel accompanied by a gaping sort of absence like things important to his life have. 

The description Tim gives—hypermobile joints, dislocations, soft skin, other connective tissue-related complications—certainly fits with Birdie’s experience of this body. He just… Can’t find it in himself to care much beyond that, thanking his Little Bird before fiddling with Jay’s fingers in his hand.

‘Wonder if CASS has it too,’ he slips as an aside to Steph. He expects a laugh, maybe a hum of consideration; Birdie doesn’t expect her and Jay to start responding at the same time:

“Oh! I hafta show you, she chose—” “Who’s Cass? A friend?”

He laughs freely at the sheepish look they turn to each other, even more at the matching frowns they throw him for laughing. To make sure everyone is in the loop, he answers Jay first: ‘CASS is new little sister. Found each other.’

How that leads to squawking from Jay, Timmy, and Dami, Birdie can’t say.

—

She isn’t sure why she comes back. The safety stakeout for Birdie is already done, the results already shared, and Cass… Comes back, scales the branches, sits, and watches. Baby-Bird-Tim isn’t there very often; she doesn’t get more of those moments that make the empty thing inside her fill with stolen warmth of the love Bad-at-feelings-Bruce’s body screams. But his love for butler-father-friend-Alfred screams in a quieter way, in the small leans and head-tilts that build up throughout the day into an avalanche of older, settled love; raw when it’s called for, prickly when it isn’t. 

There is love for the Manor-house too, fingers pressed to the little case on certain doorframes, then pressed to his lips. Maybe love is why she comes back.

That feels bad. Cass reads love from Birdie and Steph, love written for her , and yet she steals scraps through a window? Is her empty-thing greed? (She doesn’t think Birdie would call it that, or Steph. She thinks they know a lot about the empty-things inside people). Steph had dropped in to let her know she’d be taking Birdie for help with his body at Tim’s Tower—she is glad someone else noticed him slowing down, but knowing they would be away, with Birdie’s brothers, made the emptiness call to her until she moved, out of the city and into the tree.

( Her tree, she thinks, in that secret, guilty way she would claim obscured corners of the training place as hers .)

Today, Too-busy Butler-Father-Alfred is visiting the Garden Market, an errand he leaves to whispering on-break in his relaxed shoulders, in the twitch of his mustache. With Tim gone, that leaves Bruce, feelings big enough to fill the empty halls. Cass doesn’t see much of him after he sends Alfred off, but the view from the window echoes with the hand he patted Butler-Father-Alfred’s shoulder with instead of hugged.

She doesn't expect to see him again until Alfred gets back—without another presence to draw him out, heart-sleeved-stone-faced-Bruce retreats, not to warmth like Birdie’s nests. A cave, maybe. Somewhere cool to leech away the too-much heat of him.

So when she hears-sees-feels someone approaching, Cass isn't looking for the shape of Bruce. She doesn't find it, either; not love-family-protect-safe-Bruce, not head-miles-away-smiles-Wayne; it's someone she's never met. If it can be called someone . There is nothing for her to read in this mass of shadows, cutting a broad-shouldered void out of the autumn background.

“Who sent you to watch this place?” the void asks. Stepping out of her shock, she can see readable pieces of the void—light catching on the sharp nose of the mask, not turned down to her despite its height; two hands, relaxed into the shadows of the cape; a proud, armored chest, emblazoned with a shining symbol—

The Bat.

Cass may not have been in Gotham long, but it doesn’t take more than a day in the city to catch reference to it, him; feared and admired, sometimes by the same people. She’s never seen him, but she’s seen that symbol in the sky, spray-painted in alleys, doodled in fogged-up windows.

The symbol says more than the Bat’s words can. It says protect, screams it.

‘I-protect, you-protect,’ she signs.

Eyebrows push the cowl up, reveal piercing-curious-tired-awake eyes. Bruce never faced the window enough for her to see them, but she reads him now, in these eyes. 

His voice is hard to understand like this, to pick out the words from the put-on grumble and parse their meaning, so she relies on those eyes—until gloved hands come up from his sides (with claws? talons?) and those eyebrows form what Birdie taught her is the grammar for ‘question’ and sign: ‘What are you protecting? Who?’

And here Cass feels caught in her partial lie; she was protecting Birdie by being here, watching, but now she watches for her own emptiness (but hasn’t she earned something for herself? What is earning). It still isn’t herself she’s protecting, at least.

‘Birdie,’ she uses his namesign, no spelling, ‘brother.’ 

The crinkle in those hooded blue eyes is almost a laugh. Broad shoulders relax, lips pressed white together unfurl; ‘Protecting your-brother,’ he confirms in sign and speech. She nods. ‘From what?’

From-you would hurt him, and isn't all of the truth either. Cass does not understand how people come up with what they want to say so quickly. Thankfully (strangely), it doesn't seem like Shadow-Bat-Bruce expects that of her. They stand, facing each other, the beginning of a spar without fists, without weapons, without fear.

‘From coming-back-here,’ she settles on, ‘looking-for warm, getting cold.’

He breathes in the meaning of her signs, her body. Lowers his eyes, thinking, remembering; a sharp inhale, eyes lock to her hands. Cass tenses. 

“What—” he starts, cuts himself off. Hands raised, tremor on the right more prominent: ‘Birdie?’ He repeats the name sign. ‘B-I-R-D-I-E?’

Cass nods, even if it's clear from the shakes, from the warring fear and hope in those eyes and shoulders and hands, that he already knows. 

Shadow-Father-Bat-Bruce doesn't know what to do with this, freezes, even the tremors subdued as his body and mind struggle to process. Cass is fine to wait. As she does, she jumps down from the her tree. She does not think of herself as small, but on even ground with him she thinks she must be—because it can't be all him, this towering height.

(Not that she doesn't see the inches-thick soles of his tall boots, or the way his cowl’s ears draw the eyes up and up; the better to scare, to protect.)

Father-Shadow-Bruce shakes his head to reset. Hopeful eyes, hesitant hands, guilt-desperate-hungry. He hunches, crouches, tries to make the can't-be-all-him human and safe. ‘Would you,’ he stops, starts, stops again.

‘Can you tell me how you met?’ He doesn't have to say please. His body repeats it, his hungry mantra.

‘Yes.’ She can.

—

Nothing about Father's people makes sense. The Talon is warm , physically affectionate, and overly fond of saccharine “nicknames”, if the doctor-warrior and unprofessional yellow-haired guard’s translations were to be believed. It’s not as if Damian isn’t able to read hands—Father’s guards use a different language to the League, and while English was deemed necessary for Damian’s training, American hand sign was not. If this assignment continues, Damian will have to learn. He can’t allow the weakness of relying on second-hand information.

The clownish one, “Steff”, wasn't in the mission’s brief. From what Damian can gather from her confusing words, she is not a close-kept guard, living away from Father's estate; from her attitude, it is clear she takes advantage of Father’s distance to neglect proper training. 

(And Damian does not like it, the way she so quickly dropped her defensive stance around him, the way she softens her unpolished voice to soothe the Talon but looks at him . As if Damian Wayne Al Ghul isn't something to be feared, as if he needs the gentleness Grandfather dispensed with long ago.

And Damian does not catch himself smiling at her insults of the doctor-warrior, or drifting closer to hear the stories she tells.

Eight is too old for stories.)

The one treating Birdie the Talon is at least known: “Tim”, Timothy Drake, adopted by Father after he proved himself in the field as Robin. The doctor role he has chosen to play with the Talon is strange, but not outside of the skills Damian was told to expect. Father keeps his peoples’ training diverse, demanding healing of warriors, combat of his “tech experts”. Combat training for all operatives makes sense, Grandfather would settle for nothing less, but Drake practicing all these skills seemingly in equal measure is… Strange. 

Strange, too, is his manor, in a way Damian thinks may be present in all of Father's people. It's not the same unprofessionalism of Steff, though Mother would certainly label him so. It's a… looseness, even as Drake is the most tense of them (or second-most). Responding to Steff’s “jokes” in kind, even smiling at Birdie’s own comments. Grandfather’s doctors would more likely respond with terminating treatment (or for those outside of the family, the patient). 

Childishness, he determines, must be the answer.

The most tense in the room, Damian already knows. Mother’s Weapon (and this is not a mean thing to call him, no matter what the Talon tried to say. Damian is Heir, “Birdie” is Talon, Jason Todd is Weapon. It is what they are ). 

In Nanda Parbat, Todd was something to be hidden from Damian—at first, this meant Mother was hidden from him too (at age four, he understood she could not be with him always. He was old enough to know not to miss her), before whispers of The Pit brought her back to his side to explain the Weapon she would be training. He was only able to catch glimpses of the Weapon doing reconnaissance not sanctioned by Mother. 

Those glimpses proved the whispers of Pit Madness true, always tinted in green and red. Years passed, and Mother grew confident in her Weapon’s training, sending Todd on mission to Gotham. She would not share the mission brief with him or any other details, no matter how much Damian asked, but he would occasionally catch her smirking at reports.

He cannot call Todd’s strangeness childish . 

Foolish, maybe, to address Damian as a child; to ask if he is injured (Todd’s concern could not be real. None in the League had ever asked in that tone, only assessing whether he’d failed to protect himself). It must have been a trick. Todd addressed him properly soon enough, before abandoning all attention on him in favor of Talon. This, too, finally makes sense: Talon may still be one of Father’s subordinates, but he is clearly the head warrior, someone for Todd to defer to, perhaps be redirected by. 

His theory of redirection holds as, while Talon grows strength and alertness, Todd seems to weaken. Clearly, his attentiveness to Talon’s needs and comfort was a foolish, if understandable, attempt to lessen what punishment he’d earned. Damian remembers the Talon’s speed, strength, the way he gripped the pesh-kabz and pulled it from under his collarbone without a flinch… Damian understands why Todd winces, seeing his opportunity to placate come to an end.

“Damian?” He snaps his head away from Todd to the speaker. Drake. He bites his tongue to keep the (deserved) insult for daring to use his first name in, and instead gives a sharp nod. Drake continues after passing a frustratingly unclear look to Talon. “Birdie was wondering why you’ve been,” this time eyes dart to Todd, even more unreadable, “ observing Jason.”

Hiding his own wince, he takes no pride in. Mother would scold him for being seen like this (Grandfather would… It is better not to dwell on what Grandfather would do). “I am observing you all. Nach-urly.” Damian does not look back to Todd; he may not care if the man gets himself punished, but selling him out with another glance at the paleness overtaking him will hardly give Damian anything.

He should know, of course, that the head warrior, once scenting a weakness, will press. Drake speaks Talon’s signed words: “Is something wrong? Did you notice something concerning?”

(Well, he had tried to give Weapon a way out. Doing so again would only risk himself.) Damian reports to Talon: “Wincing, paling skin, angling away from the light. Likely causes: fear, avoidance, pain, or illness.” ( There, Weapon; I’ve provided alternatives to your cowardice. )

Talon’s smile isn’t entirely unexpected; certain trainers smiled before punishments, and unlike other unnecessary shows of emotion, it was rarely reprimanded. What is unexpected is the smile’s… softness . Yes, the Talon has been unnervingly soft, but surely at redirection he will harden once again as he had during their fight? “Thank you,” Drake translates. Ah, a smile of praise then.

Sure enough, the expression starts to change as Talon turns his attention to Weapon, frowning and melting and scrunching into… Concern?!

“Little Wing, is your head hurting? You should have said! Lower—yeah, I’ll get the lights Birdie.” Damian doesn’t bother holding in his confused growl. Why are Father’s people like this?
Notes:

    my cat’s important edition via walking across the keyboard:
    [p;’

    insert typical ao3 author diatribe on the buckwild traumas that prevented updates (i am actually fine)

    diagnosis unlocked: hEDS! welcome to the family birdie

    sister unlocked: cass!

    Alfred: a little bird has been stalking us
    Bruce: im going to adopt her
    Cass: i am also adopting him
    Alfred: why am i surprised

    daughter unlocked: cass!

    did not mean for the dami pov to be so long but the little guy has a lot to say! pesh-kabz is an indo-persian knife that is still used for protection and ceremonially in several cultures in the region, but was initially created for penetrating armor; i think the league would like it for that (my info is largely from wikipedia this time, im always happy to be corrected)

    chapters without a dami stabbing: 1

    no promises on the next update as on top of life things ive just been deep in an old special interest but Ideally when i get a job it will send me careening into fic writing to cope. another nearly 3 month wait is very unlikely, at least

    Next-up: Jay’s turn to get coddled! Cass brings some tea! Dami doesn’t stab anyone (probably)!

Chapter 11: stretch out my arms long as they need to be
Summary:

    warning for brief sa reference and general tagged warnings

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Sitting in the brightly patterned little chair as the last of the stress from Birdie's dramatic entrance and treatment fades into his more typical daily stress level, Jason knows the migraine was overdue. With the weed now keeping his worst pains at bay, he’s gotten too comfortable, too used to only mild aches—so when he felt it coming on, felt the purposefully soft lights start to agitate, the already-annoying (and definitely not familiar, not cute ) sound of the kids’ voices grating more and more, he steeled himself to get through it on his own.

By the time Talia’s brat rats him out, he doesn’t have enough presence of mind to be anything other than grateful . The pain radiates from his left temple ( “Forehand, or backhand?” ) down his neck, through his shoulders, and chokes his stomach to nausea. He can’t make out Tim’s translations, but Birdie is expressive enough in his worry for Jason to know to nod, to give in to his brother’s caring. 

“It’s okay Robin, I’m here, can I see your comm? Amazing Little Wing, let me just—Batman, this is Nightwing requesting immediate evac. Robin is down, closed fracture to the femur, suspected head injury—” Jason tried to speak up, defend himself, insist it’s not that bad, but Dick just ran his fingers through the hair not matted by blood. “Shh, shh, you did good Robin, let me take care of the rest.”

And against his better judgment (years of ‘handle it yourself), Jason did .

And he does again, now with his brother’s awful little minions playing assist. His thoughts swirl the drain of his brainstem in a confusing mess he only catches snippets of as Birdie directs him into the reclining chair he’d just been treated in. If this ‘Cass’ is a new sister, is Steph? How’d I go from youngest to older brother to four? He mumbles out something of a token protest to taking Birdie’s spot that goes ignored as Steph runs up (when did she move away) and hands Birdie something dripping, then cool darkness is covering his eyes, dripping down his face and following the curve of his aching neck. 

A wet washcloth, just like the one he’d slapped on himself while didn’t-know-he-was-Dick Birdie showered in their safehouse’s bathroom. Jason hasn’t gone back to it. Maybe he should.

Fingers cold in their familiarity grasp his hand, press a vaguely recognisable shape into his palm; it takes tracing it with his own clumsy fingers as it moves to place the sign: need. It takes much longer to piece together that it is a question, for him: what does he need? What does he need—the difference between needs and wants is lost when you can’t have either. Jason wants to go back to the safehouse, where life was confusing and stressful but small , just the two of them; where Birdie needed him, even as that terrified him. He wants Birdie to be Dick, the older brother he just barely got to have before Bruce and the Joker and his own stupidity tore it away. (He wants to go back to the warehouse, to have Batman hear him in time, save him in time. He wants Bruce to at least have saved one of them.)

He almost wants a hug, but even if the kids weren’t here he doesn’t think he’s weak enough (strong enough) to ask. ‘Water,’ he settles on instead, even if his stomach rolls at the thought. At least his swiss-cheese brain remembers the sign for it; he doesn’t think the two rotating teachers at the library ever covered ‘antiemetic’. Birdie makes a little humming-cooing sound and his cold hand leaves his, just for a second, before a paper cup replaces it, cold fingers curling his own around it and helping guide it to his mouth. 

It is, should be, would be embarrassing, except his brain can’t process being watched. All he knows, his points of contact to the world, is the cold over his forehead and eyes, the cold in his hand, and the cold holding his hand, holding him. He did good. Dickie-bird will take care of the rest.

—

Being with Birdie, Steph has to be comfortable me with things getting touchy-feely pretty fast pretty regularly; but Red Hood getting lovingly tended to, soundtracked by Birdie’s gooiest coos, feels significantly more vulnerable than what Crime Alley’s protector would want a mostly-stranger like her to see in his right mind. Out of respect (and definitely not her discomfort with the intimate moment), Steph slips out of the room, Damian Wayne Al Ghul’s piercing little eyes tracking her the whole way.

Standing in the hallway makes her quickly aware of the lack of things to do in the Tower. Sure, she could give Bruce her patrol notes, or finish her pre-calc homework, or get started on her AP Psych project—but all of those would involve leaving the Tower, and she couldn’t trust those knuckleheads to take care of Birdie and baby before Red Hood went and got a migraine. (Remembering her own during her first trimester, she winces in sympathy; at least he can take meds for it, assuming he isn’t too stubborn and/or secretly pregnant.)

With nothing better than poking around different rooms to find a spare Titan coming to mind, she opens her phone. A message from Cass, huh? She does always know when something’s up with Birdie.

from Ballerina Bat: met big bat

from Ballerina Bat: [image]

… or when something’s up with the wildlife.

Steph is incredibly proud of herself for not dropping her phone when the wildlife shot in question turns out to be Cass and fucking Batman . It’s not like Cass is banned from seeing him or anything, but if avoiding him for the first however-many months of her stay in Gotham didn’t do it, staking out the Manor in a tree for two months definitely gave the impression she didn’t want to be seen by him.

from Ballerina Bat: birdie is right, alfred make good tea

The breath she lets out is absolutely not approaching a scream. Okay, quick response asking to meet up and talk because Steph doesn’t want anything about this to be lost in translation. Cass has seemed hesitant about coming to the Tower, but she had also seemed hesitant about seeing Bruce, so maybe Steph just doesn't read Cass as well as she thought. 

Except the hesitance is there, in her response—not in a way others could tell. Certainly none of Steph’s “normal” friends who text like breathing, not carefully and intentionally like Cass. She pauses with spaces and question marks, asking who will be there, if it is—crowded? Safe? Steph almost regrets happily ragging on “Tim’s Tower” (almost).

After a few reassurances of the Tower’s empty, secure state, with the only residents fully occupied with babying Hood and Birdie, Cass eventually agrees.

from Ballerina Bat: tea almost over. there in ten

Steph doesn’t know of a non-Zeta way to get from the Manor to the Tower in under half an hour, but she chooses not to question it. Despite having been in Gotham for… however long Cass has been here, less than a year maybe? Her understanding of the cities roofs and shadows rivals Batman’s own (and oh, Steph can never make that comparison to Bruce; either his head will inflate with his ego ‘til it pops or he’ll expedite Cass’ adoption on the spot). That the Tower and the Manor both are outside the city in opposite directions doesn’t seem to curb her ability.

Leaning against the wall to wait, Steph successfully doesn't startle when the door to Birdie and company's room eeks open. The person opening the door is less successful; she gets the pleasure of seeing Tim jump when he spots her (even if his raccoon-level dark circles dampen the joy a little bit. Just a bit, though). 

She can't help but needle him the way she knows he'd bug her; “Need ta work on yer situational awareness training?” 

Some snap of irritation in his tired eyes fades into a sheepish Tim-smile (that awkward lopsided twitch of lips that she knows he was forced to stretch into something “presentable” by his DNA donors, as if it isn't the perfect fit for his dorky face just as it is). “Yeah, maybe. What's up?” He leans against the wall beside her, his body sagging into it like a luxury bed.

“Cass is gonna visit. ‘Sup with you? Mama Birdie need more room to dote on Hood?” Why has getting two of your brothers back only cost you more sleep?

Tim snorts, “As if he'd ask me to leave.” And that is the response of someone much more secure in their relationship than she thought Tim was with his oldest brother. “No, he was trying to get Damian to cuddle with them, so I'm staying well out of knife range.” 

Steph doesn't think that's all of it, the only reason he left so distracted and tired, but Damian is too rich a topic to ignore. “Oh yeah, how's it feel not bein’ the youngest anymore?” She takes the glare he sends her with good humor—the accompanying nudge, though, demands retaliation. 

Once they're done [poking and jostling] sparring , Tim huffs something between a laugh and a sigh. “It is… Weird. I'd almost want to check the DNA, but…”

“With that squished lil’ frown it's pretty hard to deny, ain't it?” She can't help her grin that threatens to become a laugh; it's just so ridiculous . Bruce Adopt-anything-that-moves Wayne having a secret lovechild with assassin royalty? Who attacks Bruce's secretly-revived (maybe also assassin) oldest son to “test” him? 

Tim cracks his own lopsided smile again; “That, and his age lines up with when Talia and Brucie last dated publicly. With the Al Ghuls, it's probably not that straightforward, but it's clear Bruce was… involved in making him.” 

Steph crows at the way Tim phrases it. “He can never lecture me about safe sex again!”

—

Taking care of Jay is comfortable, comforting. It is a rare moment of that echoing Before familiarity aligning with Birdie’s recent memories; of holding Jay in his arms like wings, of wrapping his knee and running a hand over the person beneath it, bigger and older and still the same. Now, he adjusts the cool washcloth on Jay’s head again, tracing a drip of water with his finger down to massage his temple. He hates that Jay is in pain, but caring for him, getting to take care of him is comfort-trust-love bubbling through his body. 

Jay hadn’t been willing to accept the acetaminophen Tim had offered ( Bruce said, once his migraine really hit, the meds wouldn’t touch it . Bruce got migraines? Does he still?) but had gladly sipped at the cup of water Birdie helped him hold. Tactile sign isn’t something he thinks he was ever practiced at. Thankfully, they don’t need it for much; after his initial water request, Jay has seemed content to let Birdie take the reins. 

Good. Jay needs the rest.

Through all of the care, they have a silent observer. The little owl stays a defensible distance away from the recliner, only moving when Steph, then Tim, leaves the room, silently following to the door before returning to position. A guard, maybe. Little Owlet’s relationship to Jay seems yet another thing they have hidden carefully in layers of barbs. Jay may be weapon, thing, but to Dami he is also something to protect.

It seems all his birds care more than they think they’re allowed. Birdie is happy to show them there’s no limit to caring for each other, not one that he’s found—happy to learn it again and again alongside them. 

But how to let Little Owlet know it now? He has no doubt the smart little one has already picked up some signs watching them, just not enough to guarantee he’d understand without someone to translate. Words are harder than sign, restrictive of concepts that demand expansion (and spoken word is, of course, dangerous.

Isn’t it? His throat certainly constricts at the thought, keeping the rest of the body safe from the repercussions of noise . That was a rule for Talon—a role that kept it, him safe, a role he shed to be Birdie. Could he shed this part of life too? Could he try? The only word he has spoken as Birdie was ripped out of him in panic. Yet noise, noise he has grown more and more comfortable making.

“I know the only thing this mouth is good for.”

Maybe it’s mouths that are dangerous. Maybe words, difficult, can still work).

One knee up on the recliner, staying near Jay, Birdie mouths the words to himself first. How many does he even need, really? Gesture and sounds can make up the rest, he just has to get something out.

As he prepares, the quiet thrum of conversation between Steph and Tim outside cuts, then gets louder, accompanied by a familiar barely-there dancer’s footfall. Cass . The idea of her in the Tower sticks out as odd, but so does the idea of himself there. He would love to invite her in if he weren’t caring for Jay; he isn’t going to introduce an unknown when his brother is so vulnerable, even an unknown Birdie trusts as a sister.

Idly fiddling with the cool washcloth again, Birdie realizes Jay has made the decision for him, soft snores floating up from his finally relaxed form. He steps back from the recliner, unable to stop the smile blooming on his face looking at his brother so soft in sleep. Turning that smile to Dami feels only natural. Their bewildered look in response only spreads his smile wider, endlessly endeared by the newest little bird under his wing. He adjusts the blanket over Jay then rises from the recliner, smile turned invitation as he beckons Dami to follow him to the door.

Little Owlet casts a furtive glance to Jay even as they follow. Birdie fights the urge to physically reassure them; a pat to the shoulder or ruffled hair would be love and care to him, but he knows how that touch can curdle with unknowns. He settles for a thumbs up as he opens the door. Dami’s scoff while they step through is proof enough it succeeded.

Closest to the door, Steph perks up when she sees them: “They emerge! Did the patient kick ya out?”

Birdie lightheartedly puts a finger to his lips. ‘Sleeping. I-wanted Owlet to meet CASS.’ The girl in question is on the other side of the hall, and her eyes brighten at the mention, looking to Dami with curiosity and eagerness. Birdie hopes Dami will recognize their similarities—Birdie may have been made , but he was someone to unmake first, not molded into weapon from birth like Cass and Dami were. Cass, he knows, is reading it on Dami now, taking extra care to say relaxed-safe-hello in her posture.

‘Hi Owlet. Big Bat’s?’ Birdie expects Steph or Tim to pick up the interpreting, but the two are more occupied bursting into giggles, leaning against each other to stay upright through their laughter. Eventually, Tim straightens out enough to translate, leaving out the sign names Birdie knows his Little Owlet would grumble at.

Dami still crosses their arms and scowls. “Yes, I am The Batman’s blood heir. I do not see what is so humorous about my heritage.” Displeasing them even more, their statement only sends the teen vigilantes into another fit; as cute as their frustration is, Birdie knows it needs to be curbed before their feelings (or stabable body parts) get hurt.

‘Ignore them, just being silly,’ a dismissal Steph interprets with only a joking pout in his direction. ‘CASS, why are you here?’

Cass smiles, gestures to Steph: ‘Wanted to talk about picture I-sent-her. Me and Big Bat.’

Before he can react, ask why they met (ask why it warms him even as it hurts him, the thought of his new sister meeting his Bruce), Dami’s body relaxes in a surprisingly open show of relief. “Finally, someone who has been in recent contact with Father. Where is he located?”

Scrunching her face, Cass looks to Birdie. What do you want me to say? How can I navigate Dami’s relationship with Bruce when I can’t navigate my own? He in turn looks to Timmy, the one with the closest relationship to Bruce now, the one who knows how he reacts to surprises now.

Timmy, who looks calculating, seems to run through possibilities faster than he can speak them. “I’m glad he was… cool with Cass, but Damian is a different case. If we can figure out how to introduce him…” He slips his phone out of his pocket then, fingers flying across the screen with his thoughts.

Cass’s face is scrunched still. Confused-frustrated settles in her shoulders. ‘May be hard, will be good. Big Bat lonely. He-wants to take care, show love.’ And Cass isn’t wrong; Birdie remembers the desperation Bruce had kept restrained when they (reunited? met?). His love bled out of any chink in his armor even as he tried to levee it, trying not to overwhelm Birdie as he drowned in it. Is it fair to put him through that again?

“I vote we all crash the Manor, I hafta see Bossman’s reaction to his mini-me. Then bully him ‘bout it.” 

Dami sends Steph a look of such disgruntled confusion Birdie struggles not to laugh but he manages to keep the hysteria inside. “I agree with the strange one: Father is in his manor? Take me there.” Steph squawks in offense to the moniker as a smirking Tim nudges her, and Birdie wants to bask in the lighthearted teasing, in his birds all together and interacting, but the warmth is blocked by the shadow of the Manor over him. It’s been weeks, shouldn’t he be ready to go back? Shouldn’t he want to see his partner, father, friend? 

“…can I come home?”

“… You can always come home.”

‘Little Wing is sleeping. Should stay with him,’ and Birdie hates the way it feels like an excuse, like he is dragging his brother in front of him to make distance from his father—but it would feel even worse to leave Jay for Bruce, for the father who has reached out to Birdie and not to him.

Surprisingly (to the others, maybe; to Birdie, it is only surprising for it being voiced), Dami agrees with a firm nod: “Once he wakes. ‘Cass’,” Birdie can hear the air quotes, “tell me what Father did.”

‘Say please .’ He smiles when his correction brings a new, embarrassed form of his Little Owlet’s frown, even as his thoughts make him want to pull them into the room behind them, keep Dami and Jay and all his little birds safe from a harm he can’t even say is real. Letting all of them see Bruce feels like exposing them to the world when all he wants is to protect them from it. 

But he isn’t letting them do anything: they are not his to control. 

That thought reminds him of Bruce, too.
Notes:

    EDIT: QUESTION: should I tag warnings that may spoil part of the plot? if you're alright with major spoilers yourself you can ask me what specific warnings I'm thinking about and lemme know if you feel they need to be tagged. I'm still going to content warn in the chapter summaries regardless

    yet another input from the cat: kyuhjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj98

    had a breakdown, got a job, had another breakdown or two, bon apple teeth

    imagine emojis in cass’ texts, i think once shes more confident in her english+asl she’d be All over emojis to indicate tone/body language/get silly

    tactile sign is rad as hell, because of the relative smallness of the Deafblind community to the Deaf or Blind communities, and the lack of attention paid to them, it is less standardized/more difficult to research than sign languages or braille (there is also braille sign/signed braille!). Here, Birdie isn’t using the more recognized tactic of having the person put their hands on the back of the signer’s hands, mostly because Jay isn’t in a state to be actively participating lol but also because Birdie/Dick has never used tactile sign

    yes I faked you out with birdie unlocking speech, he’ll probably always be less verbal than he was Before and no real pressure will be put on him to speak, but some will come as part of his reclamation of his body from the court in a similar way to his returning expressiveness

    birdie continuing to refer to dami w/ they/them pronouns: it is a special tool that will help us later :)

    also “unreliable narrators” Absolutely Applies to things said abt bruce here, feel free to jump down his throat once he’s said his piece but nobody is working with complete information

    Next up: surprise! a child. surprise! a child. surprise! a child

Chapter 12: my baby, my baby, you're my baby
Summary:

    warnings: tagged warnings, fainting, and SPOILER: risky pregnancy and miscarriage/stillbirth discussion (non-graphic)

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Coming from the nervous earnestness of the Manor, the tension in the Tower… unsettles Cass. Before, the Tower was an unknown; Steph goes there to “bug” Tim, Birdie goes there to get better, and Birdie is anxious-dreading-preparing each time he goes. Whether his dread comes from getting better, or from the Tower itself, she wasn’t sure. 

She still isn’t. Birdie is up-bright-healthy again, but protective-anxious-dread clings to him as conversation turns to the child, then to Bruce. Cass knows Birdie believed her when she reported that Bruce was safe, but it is clear some part of him still associates Bruce with danger . Thinking of the shadow-creature-Bat, the danger he is in and projects, she can understand. She is hopeful that seeing each other again in the roles of parent and child will help Birdie’s body to relearn trust-safety-protected in him.

The child is an interesting, complicating factor. They are undeniably weapon , in a way she knows will hurt Bruce; seeing her had hurt Bruce, and she is not his child. They are defensive-aggressive-confused-nervous, just as small and studied as she was before her final test, but this weapon-lamb-child speaks . Their body is quieter than their mouth even as it says less. 

While they can’t be older than she was for her final test, Damian’s body is bloodied, a weapon that killed before even she was expected to, forced before escape like hers could even be thought of.

And have they escaped now? From the little Steph “warned” her of, the way they speak, and their posture, Cass knows they haven’t, the leash long and unseen but there, wrapped around Damian’s neck.

Telling Damian about shadow-turned-hesitant-father Bruce, the child’s clawing desperation for more is held in their clenched fists, their tense shoulders, the lean forward they can’t help as they learn more. What Cass can give to them does seem to confuse them—of course it would, hearing about a parent’s softness instead of their cold strength. It is clear Damian knows only of the Bat, and even then, knows of his role as terror of the night, not protector.

Not that they admit to their confusion, only asking more questions: “This ‘Alfred’ is his servant, yes?”

Cass holds in her laugh, hoping they don’t notice that Tim and Steph are less successful. How to phrase it in a way they’ll understand? ‘Playing role. Disguise. Is carer, father.’

As Tim interprets, she looks to Birdie, his hands suspiciously silent. His battle between what he knows and what he feels still wages in his body. She waves for his attention: ‘OK? Want help?’

Birdie startles at being addressed, rocking on his heels briefly to calm himself. ‘Fine, fine,’ he signs, her stare in response wilting his attempt to hide. ‘Scared, frustrated for being scared. If it were just me, I think I’d be ready, but with Little-Owlet…’

That puts some of the conflicting messages his body sends into context. ‘You-know how Big Bat will react-to-you, so acceptable risk. Don’t know how he’ll react-to Little-Owlet, you-want-to protect them from risk.’

Before Birdie can respond beyond the embarrassed-validation in his shoulders, Damian demands attention again. The child’s insistence could be seen as annoying, but Cass is glad they feel comfortable taking up space; for her, that took many years, her progress only truly growing once Steph came to pull her from the shadows. Damian’s new question, something to do with the Bat’s height and stance, hangs in the air as Cass decides to give Birdie a gentle push: ‘Go check-on Little-Wing. Feel better helping-him.’

She doesn’t need to read more than his smile to see his sheepish relief. 

— 

Usually, Jason wakes up all at once. Whether it’s a nightmare, gunshot, or his shit excuse for an internal clock, he goes from asleep as he can get to fully conscious before he can remember where he is. 

Now, everything is slower. The first thing he is aware of is the room temperature washcloth on his forehead, just covering his eyes. There is throbbing behind his eyes, gentler than if he was still in the throes of a migraine—that’s right, he had a migraine. The—couch? chair?—beneath him is soft, cushioning without his heavy frame sinking into it. Someone is humming somewhere to his left. The blanket over his lap and arms is warmer than body heat.

Opening his eyes is less than successful with the cloth over them; he lets them fall closed again, debates falling back to sleep instead of putting the monumental effort into uncovering his face before the humming catches up to him. With a groan, he slaps a hand to the washcloth and drags it to the side. As he does, the humming stops.

Turning his head to where the sound was isn’t as much of a challenge as Jason thought. The sight that greets him is Dickie, and that smiling (tired?) face brings what lead up to his nap to the front of his foggy mind—causing him to give Birdie a more thorough once-over. While he’s looking better than he was before his treatment, there’s a tension weighing him down, worry in those too-big too-expressive eyes.

Sure enough, Dickie’s first question is ‘how-are you?’

“ ‘m fine Dickie, just wakin’ up.” Instead of relieving some of that worry like Jason hoped, Dickie winces. “Wha’s wrong?”

When he starts fingerspelling, Jason has to take more than a second to engage the language center of his brain and understand what the letters together mean. ‘D-I-C-K-I-E. I’m-scared can’t [live up?] to the-name. For you, for B-R-U-C-E.’

“Hey,” Jason pushes himself up, sluggish mind spinning to catch up, “hey: you don’t got shit to live up to. Fuck what Bruce thinks, fuck what I think, you find who you are and live up to that.” Ignoring how his arms shake, the leftover weakness of the migraine, Jason leans on one arm to gesture his brother over with the other. His brother hesitates, leaning forward but not letting his feet follow. He keeps the arm up and the option open.

After shifting back and forth, Birdie commits, moving to sit on the edge of the large reclining chair. Not close enough for Jason to rest his arm around him, but enough to be touched with a reassuring hand. 

Birdie’s exaggerated sigh has Jason fighting a lopsided grin. ‘[Trying?]. Hard. Don’t-know what of me is still [?] him.’

Jason more than understands that. And yet, he hasn’t felt the same pressure to be who he was before—before the warehouse, the Pit, the League—that Dickie, Birdie, has. If he had to guess, it’s down to the difference in their training. Birdie was made to deny who he was, that he was some one at all; while Talia encouraged his past feelings or memories, tried to provoke them intentionally, regardless of how accurate they really were. 

“Is there somethin’ I can do, show I’m not expectin’ nothin’ from ya?”

Tensing up again, Birdie looks less worried, more… hesitant. ‘[Use] name B-I-R-D-I-E, [Birdie]?’ This time Jason lets the grin slip through, glad none of his brother’s strays are in to witness it.

“Course I can, Birdie.” Birdie smiles in return. Still, some of that worry-weight remains, and he can’t help but want to clear that too. “What else ‘s eatin’ you?” 

Is Birdie hesitating, shaking out his hands, or is this the careful choosing of words Jason has come to expect from him (his-dead-yet-living brother, everything and nothing like who he was, coming into his own in a way the green river inside him envies)? What those hands finally settle on saying tells Jason it was both. 

‘CASS met BRUCE,’ what? ‘Owlet wants to-meet-him. I-want to see-him, but I’m-scared to [let?] him-see-them. Feel [g-something?].’ Too observant, Birdie catches his confusion over the last word: ‘G-U-I-L-T-Y.’

It’s Jason’s turn to sigh now. Trust Birdie to take the guilt for Bruce’s problems. “If you’re lookin’ for someone to tell ya to visit, youse askin’ the wrong someone.” 

Birdie’s responding look is as clear a “ you asked” as if he’d said it out loud. 

“Alright, fair enough. Look: protectin’ kids is what broke you outta that Talon shit, ‘s one of your strongest instincts. Course you’d be protective of your new sister and the brat. Don’t mean you’re doin’ anythin’ wrong.” He doesn’t bring up the reasons that come to mind for why Dick would hesitate to bring a kid to Bruce; he wishes he could say that’s entirely due to Birdie’s fears about living up to the Dick he knew, but it’s also his own fear that prevents him from examining any of the reasons. 

Maybe Talon’s approach was right. Maybe some memories should stay buried.

“… I’m not comin’ in with ya, but I’ll stay outside th’ Manor.”

Jason’s never been good at leaving things buried.

— 

Birdie doesn’t say it, but he is sure the relief is clear on his face as he takes in Jay’s offer to play lookout at the Manor. He knows that separate from his own confusing love-anxiety-danger-safe feelings towards Bruce, Jay has his own equally complicated feelings on the man, being even more avoidant of him than Birdie’s flight across the city. It’s no payment for the sacrifice Jay is making; but in leaning into his Little Wing’s side, letting that previously offered arm rest over his shoulders, Birdie thinks some of his gratitude comes across. 

They sit together, the warmth of Jay’s body seeping into his own. It’s not quiet, it never is, but the loudest sound is his Little Wing’s heart beating. That’s better than any quiet for his overwhelmed mind.

With all the birds in the Tower, Birdie knows the not-quiet won’t last for long. Still, something has settled between them by the time Cass knocks out what has to be a song she dances to on the door, making pulling apart easier than it would have been earlier in the day (and if Jay’s hand lingers on his forearm, just out of touch of his own fingers, Birdie can take it as “You’re welcome”).

“He rises!” Steph crows, stepping in behind Cass. Then she realizes her volume: “Oops— he rises ! ” 

The whisper-shouted “correction” gets a smirk out of his Little Wing. “Like the dead.” His voice is notably raspier after the migraine.

Birdie frowns deeply at Jay—joking about his death makes Birdie sad, tugs at the empty space in him where he knows he should remember how it happened. Jay rolls his eyes, which earns him a shoulder-check. ‘Cheeky Little-Wing.’ He signs it with a lighthearted BRAT and is proud to see Jay pouting in response before the latest child to trail into the room, Timmy, can interpret. 

When the door finally closes behind them all, even as he’s happy to see them together again, he can’t stop some of the worry-dread-guilt from creeping back. Seeing little Damian beside them—someone so small feels wrong in the life they and Bruce live. Is that the source of the danger he feels around Bruce? Most of the “family business”, as Jay has bitterly called it, lives in the foggy almost-memories beyond his reach, flashes of feelings and movements with no context to interpret them.

A small huff pulls him from the fog. “Now that the large one is recovered, we should make haste to my father’s Manor.” 

He welcomes the grin his Little Owlet’s “nicer” name for Jay shakes out of him. All his spiraling and worrying over what the past can’t tell him only keeps him away from what the present can: that his birds are here. That he has a new little sibling, hurt but eager to find their place in this new family (and it is truly new; it’s clear from Dami’s systematic questioning about Bruce that they haven’t met in the young child’s memory, and however they knew Jay was not as a brother. Surrounded by strangers, all taller and clearly trained, Birdie is surprised the knives haven’t made a return).

Is it so unreasonable, Dami’s impatience to meet a father they’ve known only in stories, a figure of legend? Forcing them to wait even longer for his own uncertainty is hardly fair. 

‘Is everyone-else ready? Little Wing will stay out to guard.’ Once Timmy interprets him, Dami nods their confirmation, little covered head bobbing with the effort. Was Birdie ever that small?

“Was I ever this small, Alfred?” Dick stayed relaxed under his covers, faking the even breathing of sleep to soak up the rare night Bruce got to stay in and read to him, but he almost broke his cover at the question. He was not small!

Alfred’s response shocked him for a different reason: it was soft, and warm, and like nothing he’d ever heard from the overly proper butler. “Smaller. When they had you, Martha had to cajole me into holding you. I was so certain something that small could only break. Every day, I am amazed to be proven wrong.”

Maybe you are always small to the person that cares for you. Even Little Wing, towering above him now, looks small to Birdie. They all do. If Bruce still sees him as this small, he understands why Bruce struggled to approach him before—with Jay, he at least got to know him as Red Hood before recognizing him as the little boy he flew with. And then you ran away from him . He shoves that thought down; more guilt won’t help him get through this meeting.

His eye catches movement from Steph, rubbing the back of her neck. “Actually, I gotta bounce. First bell is in like, five hours?” She looks to her phone to confirm, before sticking out her tongue at Tim. “Can’t all test outta everythin’ ‘cept gym.”

A flush comes to Timmy’s cheeks, and Birdie can’t help but be enamored by his little brother’s embarrassment at the backhanded compliment. “I only tested out of three classes…” His fondness swells into pride; his smart Baby Bird.

‘Go, get-sleep before school S-Squirrel.’ Birdie feels his proud smile turn sheepish as he realizes he hasn’t talked with her about the name sign. Before he can sign more than a quarter-turn of ‘sorry’, a beautiful, loud, snorting laugh erupts out of her, eyes squinting up in pure joy.

“I’m Squirrel!? Who ‘m I kiddin’, a’ course I’m a squirrel, tha’s all we talked about fa like six days.” With great snorting effort, she manages to get her laugh mostly under control, turning her giggle-shaky self fully to him and raising her hand in salute: “Understood sir! Agent Squirrel out!”

Despite himself, Birdie feels some of the warmth and levity leave him once Steph is gone, stepping back to let Jay and Timmy figure out travel logistics. Cass and Dami interject occasionally, with tips and impatience respectively. He doesn’t realize how far he’s leaned into Jay’s side until they are getting up. They’ve decided how they’ll all get to the Manor, then. Birdie is aware enough to nod when asked if he’s ready, then follow along to—oh, not the zeta tubes—the garage. The room is just as too-clean white as the room with the zetas was and full of bikes, cars, and… less standard vehicles, calling up echoes of excitement, a mad cackle, wind rushing over his masked face.

He isn’t necessarily disappointed when they take an armored but otherwise unassuming SUV, but maybe his eyes linger on the shiny red three-wheeler long enough for Jay to chuckle and turn him by the shoulders away from it. Jay ends up directing him to sit beside Dami in the middle seats. Well, as “next to” as he can in an overly spacious vehicle with a child determined to press themself as close to the door as if, if they try hard enough, they can phase through it and run to the manor themself.

Even as he longs for more closeness and bonding with his Little Owlet, he respects Dami’s clear desire not to make conversation on the ride. Birdie isn’t really feeling up to talking either.

— 

Cassandra is… An impressive girl. Oh, she could face any of the trained fighters and killers Batman comes across and come out on top, Bruce is almost sure, yet employing those skills during their meeting never seemed to cross her mind. Nor has anyone matching her description been seen fighting in the city—or seen at all. That’s her truly impressive skill: moving within shadows so masterfully that his own security system missed her for weeks . And while that triggers a gut-deep fear ( who else could get by, could get to my family? ), he can’t find anger for the girl; the girl who complimented Alfred’s tea, who recognized him as the Bat and relaxed , who watched him to protect her brother.

Her brother, his son . The lack of contact since the disastrous end of their last meeting was something he tried very, very hard to be okay with, but as days turned into weeks he…

“—spiraled, Bruce. I’m glad you scheduled an emergency session with me; that shows our early intervention plan is helping.”

He still hates therapy. It was a little vindicating to be told his fear for his son (Dick, little Dickie is alive he is alive; why doesn’t it help the daily remembrance, opening his eyes in bed and being hit with their deaths as if it’s happening in front of him, to repeat that one of them is back? Why does it only hurt more?) and their relationship was understandable. That doesn’t mean he was allowed to wallow in his fears—it’s just nice to know his paranoia doesn’t entirely rule his mind. 

Alfred’s reassurances, while coming from his own love for Dick, have mostly boiled down to “have faith.” Cassandra’s appearance seems to affect Alfred more than Dick’s absence. Bruce shares his security concerns, but the looks Alfred kept giving him as they sat and spoke with her, a familiar admonishment mixed with something he can’t place, and then the silence once she left, make it clear he is upset with something. Him, probably.

Not too upset to seek him out a few hours later, as the ‘knock’ indicator at his desk lights up: “Master Bruce?” 

Long past getting embarrassed when he’s caught pacing in his office, Bruce calls him in. The Alfred that greets him is no longer silent disapproval, instead almost… frazzled , a word so hard to hold in his head at the same time as his collected father that he’s instantly on edge. “What is it?”

Whatever passes behind Alfred’s eyes is unreadable. “You have some… unexpected welcome guests.” Welcome? If it were Clark or another friend dropping in for a surprise visit, all Alfred would be struggling to conceal is a smug grin. Before he can step out to learn what Alfred can’t or won’t share, he throws another curveball: “Have you taken your morning trazodone, sir?”

He brushes off the stinging “sir”—trazodone, the main medication affecting his blood pressure. Bruce does not let Alfred delay his exit to the front door any longer.

The echo of his own cane thumping on the floor ripples in his head, combatting his heart as he makes it down the hallway, turns, moves to the entryway,

Thump

And locks eyes with his son. Two of his sons, even; first drawn intractably to Dick, black-veined and unnaturally large-eyed and alive , holding a tentative smile. Then to his left, Tim, just as sleep deprived as when he last saw him, throwing looks to the shape under Birdie’s arm. And Cassandra again, his… Not his anything, a known unknown quantity he can’t help but want to hold closer anyway. This is why he needed longer apart from her, to get his unruly feelings in order; not see her with his kids, fitting so well .

The shape under Dick’s arm moves—has been moving, a small form. A child. “Hello chums,” his mouth moves with little say from him, hands following in proper grammar after; “who’s your friend?” Is his voice relaxed, open? Shaking? Too excited? Too flat, emotionless? He barely knows at the best of times (isn’t this the best of times? His kids ).

With heavily gloved hands (is this another-), the child unwraps their face covering, and Bruce takes in each individual feature as it is revealed. Olive skin, strong brow, hooked nose, baby fat in the cheeks, eyes—

Emerald eyes, flecked with an unnatural sickly green burned into Bruce’s memories. Just as burned as those baby lashes, full and flicking against round cheeks (but he had never seen them mo-), squinting in a strong frown. The child speaks, words falling as if Bruce’s hearing aids are dead, but all he needs is the rhythm , the intonation he heard whispered between sheets and across blades.

He had never heard this voice, never seen this face scrunch and blink, but he knows them as he knows his own heart pounding in his chest:

“My baby. Damian .”

And his vision tunnels around those eyes. And blinks out.

…

Fainting feels, beyond embarrassing, like a brief death. Coming back to awareness feels much the same. Though Bruce doesn’t remember being this sweaty after being resuscitated. What happened (who is here ) to cause his syncope doesn’t flood back in his mind—his brain only paused, starting up again right where it left, and it is only a familiar wrinkled hand against his shoulder that keeps him from sitting up too soon. Even still, he turns his head, searching wherever he’s ended up in the room for any sign of his baby who shouldn’t be alive and is.

(He’s used to mourning the dead but exhausted by mourning the living. Maybe his heart was just tired, too.)

He catches a glimpse of those too-green eyes, scrunched in… confusion? Concern? (Is he small for his age? He was dwarfed by Bruce’s hands before; to see him now, he seems so big ) There’s a hand on Damian’s shoulder, too, holding him back instead of down. From this angle, he can’t see the body attached to the hand, but the loose-hanging sweater sleeve and veiny hand tells him it’s Dick’s (did he really used to hold that hand?) just as he can tell the hand on his own shoulder is Alfred’s.

“Ah, with us among the living, Master Bruce?” Even as Bruce groans at the form of address, its familiarity, mixed with Alfred’s teasing tone, helps slow down his spiraling thoughts, just a little. Alfred’s hand moves to cup his face—a surprising show of affection that throws yet more confusing emotions into the whirlpool. “Still rather clammy. Master Tim, would you please fetch a glass of water? I’m afraid my knees aren’t what they used to be.” Oh, his father is kneeling beside him. He knows from experience the hardwood floors aren’t kind on the joints. Quick footsteps distract him; “Once he returns, we will try sitting up. Slowly .”

All the attention to his recovery feels a little absurd given the circumstances. “Alfred. Damian .”

Bruce can’t make out his face, doesn’t know if he’d be able to read it if he could. “I know.” The rare, raw emotion in Alfred’s voice kills any frustration he had. His father is going through the same overwhelming whirlwind of denial and joy and grief as him. Alfred’s attention then gets pulled away from him—is it Damian? Dick? 

“He is as well as he can be, Miss Cassandra. While alarming, the only real risk his fainting episodes pose is a concussion should he hit his head, which Master Richard deftly avoided.” Of course Bruce has gone and worried the kids. And Dick had to stop him from hitting the floor? Tim can’t come back with the water fast enough; he needs to sit up so he can sign to the kids (and see them, commit each microscopic change to memory in the hopes that if they leave some part of them will stay with him). 

He does have to fight against Alfred’s silent disapproval to sit up as quickly as he wants needs to—something he is thankfully old hat at—but immediately finds himself at a loss for what to say. The sip of water only seems to confirm no words will come from his mouth. ‘Sorry,’ at least comes easy, hand circling over his mostly-settled heart. Looking at the first child he’d had to mourn, he finds himself wanting to make excuses. ‘If I-knew, I would have found you. I-thought—you were dead.’

The frustrated frown, so familiar to his own scowl in the mirror, confirms his fears: Damian hates him for his abandonment. Rightfully so; intentionally or not, knowingly or not, Bruce left Damian to the whims of the League, to the steel grip of Ra’s al Ghul. Of course his excuses cause only frustration (and of course his eldest was the one to find Damian, making up for his failures yet again).

“Ah. Would an interpreter be beneficial, Master Damian?” His baby’s cheeks darken at the question, but that little face nods, and Alfred interprets what has been said so far. So wrapped up in yourself, you didn’t even notice your child couldn’t understand you . 

Far from being frustrated once he hears it, Damian’s face clears, as if those pitiful excuses actually justify missing the first eight years of his life. “I had assumed you were simply waiting for my training to reach an ac-septable level, but Mother is tactical; keeping my status hidden limited the enemies she would need to fend off before I could fend for myself.” Bruce tries to focus on the adorable lisp Damian has revealed, tries to center the small spark of pride and joy that brings and compartmentalizes away all of the other things revealed ( you are a child , you aren’t even ten, how long have they told you to fend for yourself?

“You can’t stop me! No one can stop me, because no one can stop him , so I haf’ to handle it myself. I’m the only one who remembers them, I’m the only one who can avenge them!”

Another child that came to him, eight and “fending for himself” and prepared to kill, prepared to do the hard work all the adults remaining had failed to. Is he destined to find mirrors in his children? Or is he the mirror, warped as a funhouse, warping his kids with him?)

While Damian seems to think the conversation is concluded, Dick is looking from him, to Bruce’s hands, to Alfred’s mouth, to Bruce’s stomach and back. ‘Was I-there? When D-A-M-I died?’

“Bruce!” Dick shifted something in his hands to hide behind his back, a move all too familiar to Bruce. A prank, or a Titans mission he didn’t approve? “I didn’t think—I just wanted to…” That made him reevaluate: Dick never stuttered when talking himself out of trouble. Those hidden hands ended up shoving something small and soft into his deceptively flat stomach with all the speed of Robin. “Just thought they’d like it. Gottagobye!”

Bruce’s hands reached up to catch it as Dick fled, and he carefully turned the little thing over. His breath hitched to look down at Dick’s childhood stuffed elephant.

The same shaky smile he wore then comes out now. ‘Not-then, you weren’t-allowed in-the-room. But you were-there while I-carried-him.’ And he is made to watch as his son goes through joy and grief he does not remember, big eyes wide in realization of all the little things this means he’s lost.

Not that he’s made to watch for long—as soon as Alfred’s interpreting ends, Damian’s sharp eyes pierce him, scanning his stomach in a clinical parody of Dick’s desperate remembering. “I was cone-sieved in you?”

Yet another conversation he’s missed with Damian, it seems; Bruce nods, all he can do. His smile twitches and falters, but looking at Damian, he can keep holding it. His baby is cute . ‘I-carried-you for almost five-months,’ nineteen weeks and four days, ‘but… Because of my-work, scarring from past injuries made my body struggle-to-prepare, until neither of us could take-it.’ It’s such an oversimplification of the months of fear and pain and tentative, terrible excitement . Hope even as Leslie and his midwife and his own obsessive research told him the most likely outcome. Does Damian know how close he was to viability? Does he view this as the League might, a weakened body failing its mission?

His little face is all scrunched up, and Bruce is sure his own processing face had looked the same at that age, always getting him in trouble for “attitude” when he was only thinking.

Not like with Dick , he thinks fondly as his oldest crosses over to his makeshift interview position, crossing his legs and smoothly sinking to the floor beside him. When Dick glared at that age, he meant it, and you could expect vengeance to follow it in one form or another. But he mellowed with age in a way Bruce himself only managed well into adulthood. Bruce extends a tentative hand, warmed beyond reason when Dick extends his to meet it—their twine fingers together. Dick’s hand feels larger in his than it was last, but Dick is no larger than he was at nineteen. How long must it have been since they’d held hands (how awful that it took death to bring them back together). 

The reverberations of a stomp pull Bruce’s eyes up from their hands. Squeezing the hand in his, he is greeted with an even more scrunched Damian, little gauntleted arms crossed, one booted foot lifted in preparation to stomp again. In short, the perfect picture of childhood impatience. Before he can apologize (or more likely, laugh), Dick lifts his free hand, an exaggerated frown on his face:

‘Rude, little owlet;’ Bruce raises his eyebrow at what seems to be a nickname. ‘If you-want our-attention, ask.’ 

Tim laughs, eagerly jumping to interpret with an added: “Harsh, Birdie,” tacked on. And Tim would know; seeing Dick—seeing Birdie in a parental role brings up bittersweet memories of when he’d stepped into that role for Tim, filling a void Bruce, in his unaddressed grief, had felt incapable of. Though he doesn’t remember Tim pouting quite so viciously.

“The stomp did work,” he feels compelled to add, surprising the hand in his own almost as much as he does himself with the spoken word. “It would be rude for someone else, but I wouldn’t have heard you asking.” 

And whether it’s Damian’s victorious little smile, or Birdie’s gentle hand squeeze, or Tim’s mouthed: ”softy”—something tells Bruce that this time, he might be capable. Fatherhood is like falling from a great height; maybe this time, he’s built a place to land.
Notes:

    ASL doesn’t have a direct equivalent of “cheeky”, but the meanings of signs can be altered in so many different ways through grammar, expressiveness, and their context; Birdie conveys the idea of cheekiness by signing BRAT with smiling, relaxed face and posture etc, but it could be translated a number of different ways

    memory unlocked: the anxious dad Cycles

    [THIS IS A JOKE] to all the bruce haters i've forced to read four pages of his POV: you're welcome

    to be clear, the “indicator” that lights up is basically those flashing-light doorbells for deaf people, just toned down for Bruce’s autistic tastes

    (bruce) memory unlocked: murder baby dick

    (bruce) memory unlocked: big brother dick origins

    I Know I’ve been doing they/them pronouns before POV characters learn other people’s gender but Bruce gets the “I birthed him” hometeam advantage

    speaking of: surprise? I only realized now that I haven’t alluded to trans bruce; I hadn’t tagged it bc while bruce haunts the narrative he hasn’t been much of an active player so I didn’t want trans bruce truthers to see this in the tag then get disappointed (and honestly bc I do genuinely forget this is not the canon damian origin), but if you think this plot point justifies the fic tag lemme know. same goes for if the warnings related to the dami origin should be added to the tags

    (if anyone wants all the gorey details of how exactly the miscarriage-bordering-on-stillbirth turned into a physically healthy and living damian, my friend and i thought thru all the lore and i am known to ramble)

    Next up: my son and my son and my son and my daughter, pay no attention to my multiple disabilities

    EDIT: I promise I am working on the next chapter I'm just recovering from COVID which knocked me out

Chapter 13: how could I know I’d turn you into me
Summary:

    warnings for usual tagged warnings and references to severe injury leading to disability

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Despite what his teachers, his “coworkers”, and most everyone who’s had the misfortune of knowing him would say, Jason isn’t impatient. There’s a certain comfort in waiting—maybe it’s something he picked up when he was younger; waiting for the city bus, waiting for it to be safe to go back to the apartment, waiting for Willis to fall asleep. Even with the Pit rage making a quiet mind impossible, even outside the Manor , waiting isn’t as stressful as he’d thought.

Maybe it’s keeping guard (he knows the only danger he’s “protecting” them from here, under Bruce Wayne’s paranoid security system, is the emotional damage he can’t do shit to prevent, but. He’s here, isn’t he? Watching out for them? It counts for something). From the hazy memories of Nanda Parbat and the intimate knowledge of the skills it left him with, he thinks Talia was training him to be a guard of some kind, but again it’s something he truly learned as a kid.

You never can leave the Alley, can you?

Regardless of the reason for the calm, he welcomes it. It’s quiet away from the city. Just the sound of birds; he can’t make out any calls, not with the higher end of his hearing gone, but he knows they’re there; the sparrows and robins and jays. Maybe the birds built their nests here before Bruce was born just for the dramatic irony.

Leaning against the car for what has to have been an hour isn’t the best for his back and knee pain, but it’s not as if he lacks experience dealing with that, too. The weed’s been helping when he admits the pain’s too much, so he even has a contingency plan if his body gives out on him—something new and oddly reassuring to know. Still, not using it now (have to be alert, have to keep them safe ), out in the open when the pain isn’t bringing tears to his eyes.

His unusually clear and quiet mind locks in on movement in front of the Manor: a door, a figure. It clearly isn’t Bruce; his brick shit-house build can’t be mistaken (from the back, in silhouette, does he look like you? Did you make yourself look like him?). Crisp suit, cropped hair, and a few more steps forward forces Jason to face the truth. Walking towards him is Alfred.

Four years have lightened Aflred’s gray hair to a true silver, his wrinkles might be a little deeper, but the rest of him is unchanged; just as put together as Jason’s hazy teenage memory of him. And as with then, Jason can’t make out what Alfred is thinking behind his pleasant professional mask. Jason is wearing one too: a red mask extending into a cowl, his compromise when Tim suggested the helmet was a little much for the Manor. Alfred can’t see his face. Did Tim tell him? Birdie wouldn’t (would he?).

“Enjoying the scenery, Mr. Hood?”

Jason can’t help but laugh. He knows life wasn’t normal before, but things weren’t nearly this batshit before Dick came back. The part of him that’s still a lonely teenager, that mostly-remembers following the butler around the Manor for days before a dustpan was put in his hands, later traded up for a vegetable peeler—the Jaylad in him wants to spill it all, to see if his almost-grandpa will stoop to giving one of his once-a-year hugs or letting him “help” make cookies.

But the rest of him (older, hardened by the liquid green rage whirling in him) (younger, living off scraps and not needing anyone) is scared. Terrified, if he can be honest with himself. Bruce’s rejection he expects, almost craves with each life he takes, but Alfred?

If he’s truly honest with himself, Alfred’s disappointment would break him.

Alfred for his part remains nonplussed despite the masked freak spiraling in front of him. The least Jason can give him is an answer. What did he ask? Jason’s brain throws out a premade snarky response to what he thinks he heard: “Please, Mr. Hood is my father.”

It’s so painfully like the grainy detective films Bruce would put on force them to watch, he feels the sudden unbearable need to pick up a Brontë and cleanse his mind. He can’t regret it too much when Alfred’s mustache twitches, the closest he gets to laughing in professional-mode (think how he would smile if you told him, laugh in startled joy—think how you could dissolve that joy into horror as he puts together who you were and what you’ve become).

“Red Hood, then.” He hasn’t missed Alfred’s infallible ability to make you feel caught out, especially when there’s several things you’re trying to hide. “May I offer you refreshments? I understand you won’t be joining your charges inside, but they will no doubt be occupied for a while longer.”

Staring into the middle-distance isn’t following the manners Alfred taught him, but looking at him while guilty is like looking at an eclipse while your pupils are dilated; if only he had a cigarette to look at instead. “ ‘m good.” Since part of Jason’s “cover” has apparently been blown, he might as well get reassurance for his protective anxieties out of it: “How they doin’ in there?”

Alfred takes time to respond. “Considering the circumstances, they have come to… productive conversation.” For the first time, Alfred joins him in breaking polite contact, glancing back to the Manor with something indeterminable crossing his face. “The Master of the House is recovering well after his health event. No doubt due to the care of your charges.”

Of course Birdie and Cass and even Tim would take care of Bruce—but “health event”? That’s not how Alfred ever spoke of nighttime injuries, even with civilians.

“What’s wrong with Wayne?”

—

Tim helps Alfred herd Bruce and the rest into the sitting room proper, even onto non-floor seating, before the butler steps out siting “preparing refreshments”. Why that involves opening the front door, Tim doesn’t ask. With his adoptive father reliving his apparently-not miscarriage while the evidence sits in front of him, only just recovered from his first syncope episode in months, it’s easy to push less serious things to the back burner.

Caring for others doesn’t come naturally to him. Caring about people comes inconveniently easily; but the in-person moves to take care of them, choosing what to do without scripts and spreadsheets to prepare, well. It’s not like he had any examples to learn from growing up.

Birdie is shoving a pillow behind Bruce’s back, joking about fluffing it until Bruce lightly pushes his hands away, eyes smiling.

(No examples until Dick, anyway.)

Damian perches on an armchair, positioned with everyone in the room, as well as the exit, in view. While it’s tactically advantageous, it makes Tim feel kind of sad. Cass is on the couch across from them. She’s too good at slipping out of his awareness as soon as his eyes turn back to Bruce (where did Steph find her again?). He winces a little when their eyes make contact, dropping his down to her hands in case she has anything to say (has she said anything since they came here? He thinks she asked if Bruce was alright once he came to).

‘You OK?’ As if Tim needed more help feeling guilty—here he is forgetting she exists, yet the first thing Cass asks is if he’s okay. She flashes him a shockingly Bruce smile; not Brucie, blinding and empty; but the small ones at home, almost awkward if it weren’t for the simple sincerity of it. ‘You know [about] BRUCE? Little-Owlet, past-hurt?’ He knows Cass’ sign knowledge is still pretty beginner, so takes his time putting together what he thinks she’s said. Did he know about Bruce’s pregnancy, that he’d thought Damian dead?

‘No,’ he settles on, even as it’s not entirely honest. But something about Cass’ earnest caring makes him continue into full truth: ‘I-knew there was something in his past beyond HOOD, maybe a-child. Seeing-Damian, I-kind-of-guessed. No specifics, but. It’s Bruce.’ Now what goes unsaid—that Bruce would only leave his child if they were thought dead—isn’t a withholding. It acknowledges that somehow, in a matter of weeks, Cass knows Bruce.

Before Cass can respond (unless she is responding; Steph tried to explain the “literal body language” to him, but to someone who’s never understood body language on the neurotypical level, it’s almost impossible for Tim to conceptualize), the armchair gargoyle speaks up from his perch:

“Why did Grandfather not heal your body, so that it could grow me?” 

Tim’s isn’t the only harsh sucked-in breath to echo in the space. He feels a flash of anger come up unbidden—how dare this kid come and judge Bruce, ask insensitive questions—but it burns out even faster. This kid . It’s inappropriate and rude and exactly what a precocious kid would say with no frame of reference for handling difficult subjects with care (Tim would know. Sometimes he’s still that kid). And it is his own birth Damian is asking about.

But can Bruce answer? A question like this a few years ago would have seen Bruce close off, feign stoicism until Tim gave up or, if Tim was too insistent, bark at him for daring to ask it. That was when doing anything else, doing anything to admit his real feelings, would cause Bruce to stop, when bulldozing forward was the only thing keeping him breathing. 

Until it couldn’t.

Years of therapy later ( “Please Bru— please Dad, go to the appointment. I’ve only just—I can’t lose you too .” ), and Tim at least knows he won’t respond in anger; will only close off if his brain demands it, shutting down to protect itself. Tim would shut down trying to answer something like that—maybe he is shutting down, because at some point while debating if he could, Bruce has gone ahead to answer.

“...but even if I’d been in his favor still, it would be too much leverage to give him over me. To owe him you? ” Bruce looks off to the side, strong brow shadowing his eyes. “He could ask anything of me.”

For all Damian’s performance of complete control, it’s clear the notion he could be Bruce’s leverage pleases him; Damian even wiggles a little, just enough for this family (his—huh, he is Damian's family, isn't he?) of trained detectives to know the happiness is too much for his kid body to contain.

(And he's not going to think about the life Damian's had up to this point, that his Grandfather’s potential blackmail brings more joy, more emotion out of him than anything so far. That's Bruce's job to worry about. And a children's psychologist.

… He can always slide anything he happens to learn about the past eight years of the League's operations to Alfred.)

Turning back to his dad to the left of Birdie on the couch, Tim takes one look before snapping his head away. Bruce’s face is so soft , embarrassingly and sappily so; the kind of look that would have Tim walking right back into school and taking the exit opposite the pick-up lane. It’s less surprising that Birdie stares at Damian with a similar unabashed tenderness. Dick wasn’t afraid to show his “positive” emotions before, but he was a welded-shut safe compared to now. It’s only Damian starting to respond that gets them both to school themselves into something approachable.

“Your reasoning was sound,” and there goes Bruce melting again; it makes Tim almost glad he wasn't around for his own lisping phase (almost; he's sure Bruce wouldn't have forced him through hours of speech therapy, ignoring his pediatrician’s advice that his adult teeth would solve it, punishing his overwhelmed tears). “I suppose direct exposure to the Pit suited my heritage more.”

Even Tim can tell the pride in Damian’s statement is, if not forced , at least put upon. Whatever lets him process the clusterfuck of his birth, he guesses. Bruce’s saccharine expression freezes in place at the mention of the Pit; before Tim can do more than raise one hand to do something, anything, Birdie is patting Bruce’s hand, a gentle hum coming from his mouth. Thawed, Bruce turns a more tired, restrained look of appreciation to his eldest. With Bruce’s attention, Birdie makes a questioning noise. He keeps his hand on Bruce’s.

His signing seems… more stilted now? It’s closer to Cass’s than the smooth communication expected from Dick that had seemingly carried through to Birdie. ‘Not heal abdomen then; you-more hurt, sick now? With what? How?’

How. He doesn’t know why he didn’t expect this: their dad fainted in front of them, Alfred’s and his own reactions showing it was an expected occurrence. Of course Birdie, who can’t stand to see his family with so much as a sprained knee, would still be concerned, would still want to know what Bruce is struggling with and why. Does he think it was from their nightlife? That’s what Tim would assume if he wasn’t—if he didn’t—

“He has to wake up.” Tim looks up at Alfred, begging for any reassurance, but what he sees… 

Alfred’s normal prim facade is shattered, leaving him just… An old man. He looks at Bruce in the hospital bed with the same desperation Tim holds onto him—but deeper, layered in things he can’t begin to understand. 

It’s painful to watch his (grandfather?) try to piece himself together. A clearing throat, not hiding the choke of unshed tears: “Bruce forgot he was still needed here. We will just have to do our level best to remind him.”

Unable to look at Alfred any longer, Tim turns back to Bruce, staring intently at the ventilator pumping oxygenated air into his lungs. His grip on his… his Bruce’s arm tightens. I need you, how could you , he thinks, I need you I need you I need —

Someone’s hand is on his. He hears a rasping voice, low and familiar, saying—”thanks”? Then the hand lightly squeezes; “Are you with me, kiddo? We’re in the Manor with D-Birdie, Cassandra, and Damian.” Well that’s embarrassing. Tim looks up at his dad, whose face is bleeding concern and too-much guilt, and starts to apologize. But Bruce just leans in, pressing their foreheads together; rasps out even quieter: “I’ll follow your lead baby. If you can’t hear it, I won’t say it.” 

Tim thinks their skin pressed together is Bruce saying the unsaid: I’m sorry I’m here I’m here .

—

When Cass points out Timmy’s rapid-breathing-blank-stare, he wants to take the signs back up through his arms and swallow them. Not because he doesn’t want to, need to know what happened (what he could have prevented if he hadn’t—), but he should have waited until the kids were gone ( as if you aren’t scared to be alone with him, scared what your memories will make you do ), or asked differently. Or something, anything that would undo sending his Baby Bird into horrors of his and Bruce’s past.

( A past you weren’t there for. Didn’t you promise to protect your Baby Bird? You abandoned him, just like his parents, just like your— )

While Birdie is frozen with guilt, a painfully gentle Bruce is there holding Timmy’s hand, pet names falling from his lips. This is the Bruce who held Dick Before, who made him laugh, who wiped his tears; and seeing it so openly now Birdie is struck with the certainty that this was rare, Before. That for whatever caused the fainting, the tremors, some part of Bruce is better now.

( Better for not having you there? ) Birdie does his best to shake away the thoughts: what matters is Timmy and Bruce, making sure they are okay. His Baby Bird thaws in (his? their?) father’s hold, awareness immediately bringing an embarrassed flush Timmy’s done nothing to earn. That, at least, Birdie can try to help.

Even if the coo he uses to catch Timmy’s eyes only deepens his blush. ‘It’s OK Baby-Bird. I-knew it must’ve-been bad, shouldn’t-have asked.’ It doesn’t feel true as he says it, but he’s already made the mistake of dragging it out in front of his little brother once. Little brothers ; a glance back at Dami shows his Owlet is stressed too, though he’s sure they think they’re hiding it well with their glare. Before his attention can be divided for long, Cass shows them a sign, explaining in her efficient way what it means. At first, it seems like Dami will push her away (maybe physically, though he thinks Little Owlet is smart enough to know they couldn’t beat her); then their glare shifts, that little pout grows determined, one little fist raising to mimic the shape.

Bruce and Timmy look to each other again, something unsaid passing between them (he pushes down the hot rush of jealousy that brings, their ease of understanding. The shame that follows, he lets stay). “No,” meeting Bruce’s eyes as he speaks almost hurts, “you have the right to ask. Maybe more than anyone.” His tremoring hand lifts, pets down Timmy’s hair. “We can… You can choose a time for us to talk about what happened, later.” Timmy’s eyebrows aren’t the only ones to raise at that. For some reason, allowing Birdie even that control over the talk doesn’t seem like something the Bruce of Before would do.

“For now; an episode of cerebral hypoxia left me with partial paralysis on one side, and hypertension. When I am… stressed, that high blood pressure can suddenly drop, leading to what you saw before.”

Hypoxia—cut off from oxygen. What happened —

‘Stop, big-brother,’ Cass? She’s moved in front of Dami, closer to Birdie’s spot on the other couch. ‘You-know how-hurt. You-know they-take-care-of-him. Still have someone-to-help. Someone you-take-care-of.’ And she doesn’t have to step out of his line of sight; doesn’t even need to say what she does, in writing the lines of her body to point to them. To his Little Owlet, struggling to stay afloat in a world, a family so foreign to them, speaking of trauma and injury and emotion, of everything they were raised to shun.

(She didn’t need to step aside, because Cass —his Sparrow, his sister —is someone he’ll always take care of, too. Birdie’s sure she knows; she takes care of him right back.)

Instead of the hands or voices he expects, Timmy emerges from their father Bruce’s wings. ‘Sorry,’ stubborn as always, Timmy barrels through before Birdie can waive away his unneeded apology, ‘but he’s alright now, really. We’re together, right? That’s why we’re here today. That’s what matters.’

“Indeed.” All eyes in the room snap to the doorway, to Alfred (except Cass, eyes already there. Birdie should have heard him approaching). The butler-groundskeeper-grandfather-father holds a serving tray, lined with fine china cups around a steaming teapot. For a something-everything as experienced as Alfred, could he really have occupied himself making tea for this long?

He isn’t the only one to question it. “And what have you been up to, Alfred?” Bruce’s voice, so soft and guilty before, carries just as soft but lifted by humor. Birdie thinks it’s best suited to moments like this.

Maybe Alfred thinks so too, lip twitching just so. “Ah; caught up enjoying the scenery, as it were.” Birdie tenses. Out on the grounds? Jay wasn’t hiding, but with mask and distance and general attitude, he wasn’t looking to be found either. (The thought that Alfred could look at Red Hood and not see the little robin inside never crosses Birdie’s mind).

But no, even unflappable Alfred would say more, be more after seeing Jay—he delivers a steaming cup to Birdie with his usual composure. He couldn’t have seen Jay.

…Birdie will send him a message to be sure. After tea.
Notes:

    compulsory ao3 author update: got covid, had a covid-induced breakdown, had several smaller breakdowns, quit my job and am moving back home. but honestly im doin pretty good right now this chapter was just fightin me from the get go

    if jay is showing a bit of the tism this chapter it is not intentional but something something impossible to distinguish from complex childhood trauma

    (tim) memory unlocked: loss

    i have big things lined up but they’ll take another couple chapters to come to light- I want to get a temperature gauge of what threads/connections feel like they weigh enough to be followed up on. I also can’t promise to incorporate suggestions. if there are interpersonal moments (silly or serious) you've thought about seeing in the meantime, lemme know!

    author's note may be expanded when I'm more awake

    Next Up: World’s Most Confusing Custody Battle

Chapter 14: a child inside you (trying to raise a child in me)
Summary:

    warning for continued mild references to stillbirth, tagged/typical warnings may apply

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Every clink of the tea set, every cup he pours, every biscuit he lays on the tray just right—every rote interaction with the world outside his mind is punctuated by the thought: you’re a grandfather again .

Fatherhood is not something Alfred associates with himself. Bruce is his son, that much he could admit to himself by the time he caught the boy sneaking back into the Manor after setting his teacher’s lawn alight. But in that fiery, grief-fueled rage Bruce occupied for the latter half of his childhood, a replacement father was not what Bruce needed (and Alfred, without Thomas there to encourage, Martha there to gently tease, could no longer bear the idea they’d entertained: the three of them parents, equals.

He’s spent more than one nightly prayer asking them to forgive him his cowardice. Of course, Thomas and Martha knew more than anyone just how cowardly he could be.)

Alfred cared for Bruce in the trappings of a butler, showing the distant love reminiscent of his own parents (without their physical corrections), and while there were many moments he feared him lost, his son brought in a black-haired angry orphan of his own. Unlike “father”, Dick’s warm, private “Nagypapa”, “Grandpa”, felt more like a calling than that impossible role. 

And then Bruce—unsure, fearing judgement, yet with a light in his eyes only little Dick’s giggles had managed to bring out—handed him a black and white picture and asked Alfred to help prepare a nursery. As the months wore on, and the pregnancy wore down the body Bruce had already done his level best to destroy, Alfred had to fight horrible, selfish thoughts. If this grandchild will cost him his son, well. He can’t lose his son.

His faith had largely lapsed in America but. Watching his son cradle Damian, much too small and much too still, he felt it must have been divine punishment for those thoughts. Later, Alfred could identify his real sin of arrogance, believing himself all-important enough for any God to hurt others for him. Focussing on self-flagellating while his son had to put his grief on hold to care for Alfred’s still living grandson. 

(Years later; two more grandsons buried, holding his son’s hand, much too still. A crumpled note in his other. He thinks:

Oh, the real punishment. )

He likes to think he knows more now; has become a better grandfather, a better caregiver for his son (who has become a better father, a better giver and receiver of care, at a pace that eclipses his own so quickly it scares him. Once a coward…), and a better intermediary when his son and a grandchild may be causing each other mutual harm. 

Naturally, his grandchildren have chosen to test the limits of his supposed growth. The aftershocks of Dick’s revival still shake the Manor when the veritable parade of children enter. Seeing their approach on the security cameras, all Alfred can do is warn Bruce and brace for impact. As stressful as it always is to see Bruce faint, he takes a guilty comfort in the familiar routine of caring for him, and the childrens’ concern warms his heart. 

He can only dwell in that comfortable space so long; a proximity alert to the front gate forces him to slip away. 

Despite the cameras identifying a probable firearm, Alfred exits the Manor unarmed: the footage shows a figure that has grown more and more familiar to Alfred in the past weeks. Oh, Bruce knows Tim has been invested in the Red Hood case, and is more than observant enough to know the young man was helping someone in those two weeks he was sneaking food and bandages out; but, promising to trust Tim would come to him if he was in danger, Bruce refrained from looking any further than Tim’s suit vitals.

Alfred, familiar with young black-haired children sneaking out in the night, made no such promises. What he has seen and learned is enough to have reframed the crime lord. Not softening his crimes, but bringing a new context to them (Tim had snuck several helpings of Alfred’s mulligatawny; one of the favorites of another Park Row boy. If it was made for dinner thrice in the same week, Bruce did not comment). It would hardly be the first time he helped guide a lost young man to the light.

Speaking with Red Hood is something of an exercise in… if not pretending, then reliving. The mask has similar voice modulation to Bruce’s, but his accent is achingly familiar; the efficiency typical of Gotham’s northmost island, with the Park Row gruffness that has grown more distinct in the decades since it earned its second name (decades, and yet sometimes his heart feels as if it’s only been a day). That care, too—hidden behind nonchalance and all the more apparent for it—calls to a little boy insisting on carrying heavier objects for him, casting poorly concealed glances to make sure the “old man” isn’t being worked too hard. 

Once Alfred assures him that Bruce is alright, simply dealing with aftereffects of an old injury, he watches with bittersweet amusement as Red Hood blusters to cover his concern. Still, Alfred’s own desire to check on Bruce and his menagerie inside grows with every minute spent away. After giving one more swiftly rejected offer for tea, he turns back to the Manor; to the present grandsons that need him. To want for a third lost one to be returned to him is a greed even his sinful heart can’t quite manage.

(If he resolves to pack Jason’s favorite biscuits for Tim to slip Red Hood on their exit, well. Red Hood has proven to have similar tastes, is all.)

—

The warmth of Alfred’s tea lingers on Birdie’s tongue, down his throat. (Qehwa, Dami had identified it as on sight; his Little Owlet is so cute, sharing the tea blend with the eagerness of Timmy sharing a breakthrough, a new picture of Batman, look at the lighting Mr. Wing! ) (It's so cute as to almost overshadow how Dami immediately withdraws, shuttering the mask they’re too young to have. Expecting reprisal, as if their innocent information was a terrible wrong.)

After the panic his last question caused, Birdie is content to wait, observing the (his?) collection of people. Alfred has slipped seamlessly into the background—not the shadows, but his own kind of hiding, maybe, or observing the same as him. The way Cass perches, unable to hide in Alfred’s way or their shadows, finding security in hugging her knees. Dami sitting stiff and Proper, a little mirror of Alfred that can’t help but stand out for their smallness. Timmy, leaning more and more heavily into Bruce as the exhaustion from his previous panic creeps over him. 

And Bruce, drained yet overfull, the warmth of his broad frame leaching into Birdie from their not-quite-touching as he holds Timmy to him on his other side. That broad chest expands with a deep breath that he half-releases as a sort of hum. 

“So, Damian; how long has… your mother said you’ll be staying here?”

He’s impressed not to hear any anger in his tone, read it in his body; even as Birdie understands Dami is something of an Owl and can defend themself, they are so small . 

In the Before, Dick had traveled a lot, at sizes even smaller than his Little Owlet across from him, but never alone . Never to stay with a man he had never met . Birdie’s fleeting memories of his own mama are impossible to fit into a shape that would treat him as Dami’s mother has them. But just as with his mama, Birdie doesn’t have the complete picture; if she had to raise them in a Court… sending them away, hardened yet not fully forged, could be something like kindness.

He doesn’t know if Bruce shares the thought, or if his anger is tempered by the danger he himself has brought his children into.

“However long my training takes to complete.” Dami says in their you-should-know-this voice, slightly bratty and completely unwilling to acknowledge that Bruce knew nothing of their arrival (of their existence, beyond a hope and growth and something still).

Bruce accepts this with a shallow nod, his face wearing the same little thinking frown he passed to Dami (Birdie refrains from saying so, but it’s way cuter on his Little Owlet). For some reason, he looks at Birdie before responding. “... Alright. I can give you a tour, or the kids, and you can pick out a room in the family wing.” 

Oh. Of course. Even if the thought of Dami staying in a place that isn’t his—staying in this place, where each corner threatens to bring aching warmth or crushing anger and hurt—is hard for Birdie to make peace with, it’s not as if Dami can come back with him. Back to the laundromat he was already planning to move on from, to yet another empty building, only a blanket nest for comfort. For Birdie, it works; he spends most of his time moving or with his siblings, and his nest is warm enough to return to (is it? Not like the electric blanket, or Jay, or Timmy or Cass. He hasn’t cuddled with Steph yet, but from the arms she’s slung over his shoulders he thinks she would be warm too).

But someone so young needs more.

Really, they’re lucky to have Bruce to turn to. Despite its size, the Manor (at least its living area) is warm, in color and temperature and the warmth of soil to worms. Dami won’t see half-memories reflected back in the polish of the walls, won’t feel shards of random emotions pierce them without warning. Tim (and Steph, at least on the weekends; Cass too, if her observations are any indication) will be there when Bruce and Alfred are too big-adult-much. 

Birdie is more than a little surprised that a little voice hasn’t interrupted his thoughts. Checking his Little Owlet’s face, he thinks he sees why: for a second time this conversation, he’s being thrown an unreadable look. It’s at least less inscrutable coming from Dami. Having latched onto Birdie after their fight, they’re probably looking for permission to leave his side. The realization makes his chest a little fuzzy.

‘You can-stay. You’re good.’ Alfred takes up interpreting (very kindly, since faint kitten snores have started to rise from the puddle-formerly-known-as-Tim on Bruce’s other side). Though Birdie has to fight not to ask Alfred to interpret faces in return when Bruce yet again gives him a look . There is at least an identifiable sheepishness behind it, even if the rest of his face is doing everything and nothing at once.

Bruce, it seems, tries to translate himself: “You… Birdie, you can pick a room too. If you want.”

Oh .

The looks make some sense now. His first instinct is to soothe Bruce’s insecurity—it’s a practical suggestion. And more importantly, a kind one; one that acknowledges Dami as Birdie’s Little Owlet. That together they are brothers-father-child-nest, a brightened mirror of brother-father-protector-? Bruce and Birdie. But the familiar fear is there, of emotional shards and backsliding and what if he only really wants Dick?

Birdie doesn’t know if he can live here, not without a stable nest to return to, one without Before-Dick’s shadow. Still, ‘I-pick a room for visits. Find my-own place, then Little Owlet will-have a place there.’ A bit embarrassed that his thoughts moved faster than his gratitude, he tacks on: ‘Thank-you for the rooms!’ Thanking Bruce for caring for Dami feels too silly to say; he’s their father too.

—

Maybe it’s selfish, but Cassandra wishes she didn’t have to be here anymore. Not the Manor—exploring this not-castle, not-haunted maybe-house, reading its rooms and empty spaces, is still exciting to her—but here sitting, in this room made for sitting, and hearing her brother and shadow-protector-father Bruce talk around what their bodies scream. She wants to support them, to make sure they don’t hurt each other missing things she can read. But she wants to move ; want that becomes more and more need as they sit and stay sitting. 

(Maybe she enjoys feeling more “Cassandra” here, heard in butler-caregiver-grandfather Alfred’s crisp voice, like she’s a Lady—not only a person, but an important one, an important woman who should be treated nicely.)

(She doesn’t know if a Cassandra runs very fast down the waxed hall in socks, but Cass wants to. From Steph’s stories, she thinks she could slide very far, a better application of her training than Cain could ever come up with.)

Birdie hasn’t run away, at least, even as she saw his body prepare to once Bruce awkward-desperate-scared-yearning offers him a room. Of course, his response is enough to freeze Bruce, overwhelmed-processing-happy-grief. Is Bruce realizing that Birdie is something like Damian’s parent? That Birdie isn’t refusing to live with him, but trusting him with his kid? From how he pulls relaxed-dozing Tim close into his side, eyes squinting softly as happiness wars with the need for more information, Cassandra thinks he’s close. They just need a push.

And in that need, she finds her escape route: ‘Talk you-two,’ switches to speech, “I take Damian to pick a room.” The way their little head whips around at their name only makes Damian look like Birdie’s name for them more (him? Cass knows they’re a ‘son’, but if her own experience and the beats she reads in their body are true, Damian hasn’t lived as their own person long enough to know. She can’t know it for them). She offers a hand to them. They examine it, trying to find the venom, the strike.

It takes a reassuring-loving-allowed smile from Birdie for them to stand and take it, fluttering between featherlight and squeezing the bones in her hand together before they settle on a grip (have they held hands before? With Birdie, yes, but before today?); “Proceed.” 

Cass smiles at the slight lisp, at the warm feel of their little hand in hers (were her hands this small, when Cane asked her to end a life with them? Were Damian’s smaller, when they first followed that order?).

She doesn’t tug them out of the room, makes sure to keep their arms loose and lightly swinging between them, easily falling in time with their short little strides as they hit the hall. The windows her tree let into were near the “family wing”—or at least where Bruce and Tim’s rooms are, but the expanse between there and the “sitting room” is new for her to explore. Everything, from the wood panelling to the long detailed rugs to the vases and paintings breaking up the polished wood, is definitely fancy, expensive, but doesn’t scream it. Cass still feels a bit uncomfortable walking on the rugs in her washed-in-a-bathroom-sink socks.

It’s a feeling Damian doesn’t share; all she reads from them is new-familiar-who-how-long, the curious feelings doing their best to stay hidden (like they were trained), only their free hand fluttering loose-squeeze-loose-squeeze whispering their slight overwhelm from the day. Being comfortable with expensive surroundings makes sense with the story of them she’s been piecing together. Grown into a weapon, yes, but a prized one; instead of the one to one she’d expected, Damian’s background to hers is a pedigreed attack dog to a knife carved of the dog’s femur.

Still Weapon, still owned , but a living being instead of an object. Thinking back on the months after running, feeling little more than the stray cats around her, Cass almost wishes she could have started out knowing she deserved life. She doesn’t know if that makes it easier. Maybe it’s worse, to see your master as friend, to know pride but only as a reflection of them. 

A familiar painting catches her eye, slightly faded by sunlight from the window on the opposite wall. “Here. Bruce’s room close.” Stepping off the rugs and keeping forward on the hard wood (Damian looks at her for the first time on their walk, down to their joined hands, and follows her off the rugs), Cass listens for a change in sound once they take the left she’s caught Bruce emerging from. Sure enough, “Echoey, lots of empty rooms; look and choose.”

Damian doesn’t respond with words, but loose-squeeze-loose-squeezes her hand, lets go, and nods, tensing with determined-do-it-right-efficient. She figures telling them it isn’t a test would be as effective as telling them the floor is the ceiling (as telling Cass at that age any words at all—is it fair to be jealous of their languages, when it was probably “trained” into them like her own? Is it even jealousy, or just two sadnesses catching on each other). While Damian investigates the first room like a bomb they have to defuse, she lets her eyes drift to the next, finding her feet following. 

Cass peers in; as the echoes suggest, it’s mostly empty. A tall cabinet-thing, a nightstand, an empty bedframe opposite the window, all in the same warm wood as the floors. Unlike the halls, the room is wallpapered, a pale yellow with repeating flowers and leaves. She’d like blue more, or maybe a brighter yellow.

That one thought knocks loose more: moving the bed to the window, having a room with a bigger window, clearing more floor space to dance—what she wants, what she likes for a room. Her room.

(Will Bruce ask her to pick one, to stay? It would be nice to be asked.)

Too-quiet footsteps trail up to her; a few more years of training, and Damian could be silent if they wanted (Cane wanted. He did not train stealth, he demanded silence. Yet her quietest steps she’s learned for fun, to dance. Her wanting matters more). They open their mouth to speak, but turn with her in the direction of noise carrying faintly through the echoey halls.

“Front door, no shouting,” no need to run back, no intruder to fend off, but for voices to be heard at all from this distance… “Should check it out. Pick later.” She expects them to at least pout, at being stopped or at being told what to do, but they just nod, snapping into place just a step behind her as they leave the yellow not-hers room. 

The walk is shorter going back. As they get closer to the sitting room, Cass realizes the voices are coming from the entryway (Proper-keep-the-peace-Alfred didn’t move it to the room for sitting? Maybe it’s more serious than she thought). Eventually, she can start to make out the scene: everyone who they left sitting, now standing across from Red-Hood-Jason, except Birdie standing beside him. Before they get close enough to be seen in return, a touch to her hand almost makes Cass flinch; then she recognizes the little hand, cups it in her own again.

“—can understand that, but I should have been informed before he was let in.” Bruce’s voice, words have none of the fear-danger-protect-hurt-confused he screams. Bruce, who doesn’t know about Jason, doesn’t know he is scared of his son.

Tim huffs (getting closer, she can read the leftover sleepy-love-loved from his napping on Bruce. Napping with Birdie and Steph is nice, but someone bigger, older, protector seems different). “You don’t need to protect us from him, he took care of Birdie for weeks . I took care of him !”

Red-Hood Jason starts to sign something in response (he’s clumsy with it like she is), but Cass is looking at Bruce. The hurt-fear-confused-protect is folding him in on himself, his broad shoulders moving in, guarding. 

And Cass has another selfish thought. In this moment, she wants Red-Hood Jason to have never been here; she wants everyone to not be here hurting, and hurting Bruce when he still hasn’t recovered from all the shocks and the hurts of the day, when he still hasn’t asked her to pick a room—

How can any of them move on, move past reacting and watching to doing, being? How can she get happy-safe-house-family if each of them only brings more fractures?

Bruce’s eyes catch her. Cass squeezes the little hand she holds, and gets Damian’s loose-squeeze-loose-squeeze back.
Notes:

    happy two year anniversary of this fic! ignore how long it took me to update! in reward for ignoring, have an extra long author’s note

    welcome to the stage Alfred “Original Sin” Pennyworth! The original unreliable narrator!

    yes, bruce setting one of his teachers’ lawns on fire is from the comics! a little family of arsonists, nothing warms the heart quite like ‘em

    incapable of writing an alfred pov without immediately hinting at alfred/thomas/martha. yes hes a gay man yes he was in love with martha sexuality is personal and fluid and beautiful

    (is what caused bruce’s permanent injury becoming more clear?)

    i Know a lot of you thought Alfred clocked Jason but Bruce had to inherit his delusions from someone!!! Alfred truly said “I cant believe another one of my dead grandsons is alive bc that would be greed and greed is a sin”

    b incredibly tentatively: you could. you could pick out a room too. a guest room!!
    birdie: tempted. counteroffer: i find a more solid place then little owlet can come stay with me. we’ll visit

    so Maybe i forgot cass hasn’t toured the manor yet when i had her offer to guide dami, but i think given the high emotions bruce would have also forgotten and agreed anyway lol. hopefully i gave enough explanation with her stakeouts that it doesn’t feel weird (though if it lands as funny thats not not intentional)

    and yay cass taking a more active role! with this family of detectives it's too easy to let their povs just be their observations of each other but I don't want anyone, espec Cass, to feel Passive, so her Bruce moment a couple chapters ago and her tour now have been good to write even if this fought me. clearly she needed it too with the longest pov! so many thoughts and feelings to unlock for her just by spending any time with dami

    really I was fighting this whole damn chapter I would write like a sentence a day, aside from life and the world (free palestine free the DRC free sudan, and in the US support your community however you do best) etc I'm just in other fandoms rn (curse you mha and the new dragon age game)

    anyway is this just platonic yearning the chapter?

    Next Up: honestly idk. Maybe they get to chill for a second

Series this work belongs to:

    ← Previous Work Part 2 of everyone takes turns (talon dick batfam au)

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Comments (386) 

Kudos

Lethal_Debris, Silversouledcat, Dust_Black, Blackbird_endures, Smertniy, ErodedDrywall, mkyoder, Pickleticker, supernoodle, EspressDepress, Karr_vlr, Vecasse, blo0oo0o0o0obl, Nicooo_la, The3amAddict, HornyCharlieHorse, sirithfg, Asterick, marhewk, wyant14, ivory_moon47, IWillBeLonelyWithYou, Nocturnal_Blues, Tiagra71, allergic__to__people, FauxyBuisness, Jules_12, Ilikecats1324, no1ChuWanningFan, darkangel346, Sam_505, Krgriley, the_Lonely_Oak_Tree, AlexaIsh, Mstsun, dark_nightflower, crystalcay, wait_is_that_a_ship, I_Am_Me_And_Happy01, Purpleburple, Esm1, Entgard, CaptainStarSong, ephie_windomere, BerryBeeBoy, Avaari, Verdantia, Random_Weeb_on_the_Internet, coffeeshopsinfall, CindersapSecrets, and 760 more users as well as 212 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments

Sorry, this work doesn't allow non-Archive users to comment. You can however still leave Kudos!
Footer

    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.402.2
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

