

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

Log In

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: "sherlock (tv)" m/m NOT "sherlock holmes/john watson" 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Comments Hide Creator's Style Share Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Not Rated 

Archive Warnings:

        Graphic Depictions Of ViolenceMajor Character Death 

Fandoms:

        Danny PhantomBatman - All Media TypesDCU 

Relationships:

        Danny Fenton & Dick GraysonDanny Fenton & Damian WayneDanny Fenton & Jason ToddDick Grayson & Damian WayneDick Grayson & Bruce WayneDanny Fenton/Sam MansonDanny Fenton & Bruce WayneCassandra Cain/Jazz FentonTim Drake (DCU)/Tucker FoleyJack Fenton/Maddie FentonDanny Fenton & Jazz FentonDanny Fenton & Tucker Foley & Sam MansonDanny Fenton & Vlad Masters 

Characters:

        Danny FentonFrostbite (Danny Phantom)Jazz FentonTucker FoleyDick GraysonDamian WayneTitus | Damian Wayne's DogTim DrakeBruce WayneJason ToddStephanie BrownAlfred PennyworthVlad MastersClockwork (Danny Phantom)Guys in White | GIW (Danny Phantom)Barbara GordonMaddie FentonJack Fenton (Danny Phantom)Cassandra CainDuke Thomas 

Additional Tags:

        De-Aged Danny FentonBatfamily (DCU)Protective Dick GraysonParental Clockwork (Danny Phantom)Meddling Clockwork (Danny Phantom)Danny Fenton-centricDanny Fenton Needs A HugAdopted Danny FentonDanny Fenton WhumpGhost Biology (Danny Phantom)Halfa | Half-Ghost Danny FentonCharacter DeathDimension TravelDamian Wayne is Bad at FeelingsDamian Wayne Has a HeartGood Sibling Dick GraysonKid Danny FentonGuys in White | GIW Organization (Danny Phantom)Competent Guys in White | GIW (Danny Phantom)VivisectionDissectionMedical TortureDisabled Danny FentonDisabled CharacterService DogsDanny Fenton's Ghost Obsession is ProtectionDanny Fenton Has NightmaresDanny Fenton Has A Bad TimeDick Grayson Tries to Be a Good ParentDick Grayson Tries to Be a Good Siblingno beta we die like dannyPOV Sam MansonPOV Danny FentonPOV Dick GraysonPOV Damian WaynePOV Clockwork (Danny Phantom)POV Vlad MastersAccidental Baby Acquisition 

Language:
    English 
Stats:

    Published:
        2024-05-17
    Completed:
        2024-09-24
    Words:
        139,022
    Chapters:
        35/35
    Comments:
        800
    Kudos:
        2,060
    Bookmarks:
        682
    Hits:
        61,231

Uilnow: a DeAged Danny Fic
SweetFinch
Summary:

    After team phantom discovers a mutilated Vlad Masters deep in a GIW and free him, he transforms into a raging dragon. Danny defeats him, but it damages his core, de-aging him in the process. Danny finds himself stranded in another dimension in Gotham with little memory and 5 years old. And his ghost form isn't phantom any longer, but a small foxlike creature called an Uilnow. Will the Bat fam be able to help him reunite with his family and friends? Or will they become his new one? And will they all survive the monster hunting Danny down?

Chapter 1: Uilnow
Summary:

    Danny is destabilizing after a battle with Vlad and Sam, Jazz, and Tucker race him to the far frozen before it's too late. Sam POV this chapter (does alternate throughout the story)

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 1: Uilnow

 

~~

Sam

~~

 

“Hurry!” Sam screams, cradling Danny’s head in her lap on the floor of the specter speeder.

“Already flooring it!” Tucker returns bitterly. Yelling isn’t going to make him go any faster. She knows it, but can’t help it.

“Sam, keep a cool head. If we just-”

“Jazz damnit I don’t want to hear it,” Sam says, shooting Jazz a murderous glare. Her boyfriend is dying. Well, he is dying again (Ancients Danny would be proud of the sentiment if only it were a joke rather than literal this time). Ectoplasm soaks through Sam’s miniskirt and tights and her tears fall in fat droplets, sizzling into the green goop.

“Yeah, I’ve already died once, how bad can dying again be? What- am I gonna half die again? Will I be three quarters dead? How dead is that Sam?” Danny chuckles in a low voice with a slight smile, a pained expression painted across his face despite the humor. Ancients, not the time Danny! Sam thinks, ignoring the fact that she made the same mental joke seconds before. She holds his head in her hands, trying to will some solidness into Danny as if it will do anything to stop him from melting. 

Because that’s what is happening. Danny is melting. Where his feet should be, a puddle of ectoplasm amasses beneath them. A sheen of greenish sweat that had to be ectoplasmic plasters his bangs to his face. Looking at Danny’s face is like looking through a molecularly thin skin of bright green jello.

“Don’t even joke about that, Danny!” Jazz cries. Now who’s keeping a cool head, Sam thinks. “We are so close to the far frozen Danny, just hold on!” Jazz moves to take one of Danny’s hands, but upon gripping his fingers, they begin to ooze out of her hand, no longer solid flesh.

“Urmph,” Danny winces, “Not such a good idea Jazzy.”

“I’m sorry.”

“S’okay. I mow.” Sam and Jazz share a concerned glance. Danny’s slurred words can’t be a good sign. He was completely lucid two seconds ago?!?

“How much further Tucker?” Sam shouts, without breaking eye contact with Jazz.

“Literally like five minutes, I’m trying!” His voice quavers. Sam looks back down to Danny, whose entire lower body is now puddling. His arms are mushy like a banana past its prime, losing solidness fast and gaining a greenish tinge.

“Danny, I-” Sam tries, but she cannot find any words. This was it. How many adventures had Danny made it through? How many eldritch horrors had he beaten (fucking beaten!!) and it was Vlad that was going to be the one to end it??? Well- Vlad in a horrific form of his own, but still- the Fruitloop?

Even if Danny does survive, Sam will never forget their discovery of Vlad in that GIW base, and will never forgive herself for helping release him. How could they have possibly known he would transform into…well… that. 

When Danny, Sam and Tucker found Vlad in that base, tortured and broken beyond all imagination, the justice in Sam’s gut had screamed at her to free him. Vlad may have been a fruitloop, but no one deserved…. that. It was the part of her that protested at animal testing- the part of her that was vegetarian. She couldn’t see someone in such a state, after so much torture and not free them. If only she had known Vlad would transform into the monster he had. If only she had known that he would drag Danny through an epic battle across Amity Park and even Elmerton, leveling city blocks and forests in their wake. Sure, Danny had beaten Vlad eventually, but at what cost? The ultimate one, apparently.

Danny’s arms are puddles now too: all that remains is his upper chest and head. Ectoplasm licks at the sides of his face and she can feel him destabilizing through her hands. His touch feels like gooey frostbite below her fingertips, biting and fleeting.

“Hey, you’re going to be okay,” Danny breathes seriously and lucidly, almost a whisper. Sam senses the severity in his gaze. He thinks this is it too. Damnit, Danny. Worry about yourself for once in your kinda afterlife! Panic clenches her heart in its fist as she watches his face puddle through her hands. Jazz cries out beside her.

In Sam’s lap, remains a heartbreakingly beautiful little orb, no larger than a grapefruit. It hovers slightly above her thighs, shifting as she does. It's like a small pillow of air lies between them, supporting its weight (does it even have weight?) and prevents it from touching her. It is crystalline but intangible, ice but electricity, solid but weightless. It hums and glows a faint light blue. Small streams of light break off from the center and fold back into it, like solar flares of an impassioned sun. Small shadows of light green and purple wash over sections, appearing and disappearing like an aurora borealis. It takes several seconds for Sam and Jazz to process when it speaks.

“Sam? Jazz? Tucker? Are you still there? I can’t see anything?” When Danny was phantom, his voice held a distorted echo. It was part of why people had a hard time making the connection that he was the same person even though he didn’t wear a mask. But Danny’s friends who knew could hear his voice underneath it if they tried hard enough. This voice was Danny’s but without his human half: pure echo and distortion. But it is Danny’s. Sam would know him anyway and anywho.

“We’re here! We’re here dude hang in there!” Tucker yells from the driver’s seat. The specter speeder jerks to the left abruptly as Tucker slams them into the snow and ice. They’d arrived in the far frozen.

When the three of them burst out of the vehicle, Frostbite greets them with a familiar grand, toothy grin on his face. It drops into horror the second he spots the orb floating above Sam’s hands. Wordlessly, Frostbite lunges for Sam, taking the orb into his giant furred claws. The orb doesn’t float above his claws like it had in Sam’s lap, instead resting on his palms. He turns and sprints without explanation. Tucker, Sam, and Jazz follow, trusting the chief.

Frostbite hurries Danny’s core to a familiar room in a medical hut. Danny’s visited the far frozen many times after particularly nasty injuries. The medical hut is usually the go-to first destination for him in the Far Frozen, much to Frostbite’s dismay. ‘ Why can’t the Great One just visit for fun once in a while rather than for medical treatment?’ he has lamented to them before.

Long ago, Frostbite had replaced his tribe’s typical seating (chairs and couches carved intricately from ice) in this particular hut with earthen chairs and a couch for the comfort of the Danny’s human compatriots. It was often that they accompanied him on such visits. But never had Danny been this grievously injured. This was beyond an injury: this was destabilization. Final death, Sam suspected. True, none of them really knew what life and death held for Danny. As someone who existed on the precipice of both, they didn’t know if ‘death’ for him meant becoming a full ghost, or moving on from the infinite realms entirely. But the way Frostbite had panicked, Sam suspected it was more likely the latter unfortunately. And Danny’s never quite been a fortunate person.

“Can you save him?” Tucker rasps out. They’d needed to sprint hard to catch up to Frostbite and his impossibly tall strides.

“I can try, my human friend,” Frostbite supplies. Several of his tribe had seen what Frostbite had and they had understood the situation just as immediately as their chief. Three yetis swirl around the room, preparing a tank of some sort and pouring glowing ice-blue ectoplasm. Blue? That was odd. Was it even ectoplasm?

As soon as the liquid’s surface stills into a uniform plane, Frostbite hurriedly and unceremoniously dunks Danny’s core in. It floats near the top under the surface for a few seconds before sliding down to the bottom of the tank, where it hovers a few inches above the floor like it had on Sam's lap.

The tension in the room is thick as molasses. No one dares breathe. No one dares speak. A terrible ten seconds passed. Then another twenty. Not a soul breathes and it’s beyond the usual breathlessness of ghosts who require no oxygen to begin with. The yetis don’t hold their breath for deadness, but for fear.

“Please Danny….” Jazz gasps in horrified hope.

Then, something shifts. Danny’s orb begins to suck a current in the blue ectoplasm inward towards itself. Frostbite releases some of the tension in his shoulders.

“Great one, if you can hear me, come back to us. Your time is not nigh yet. Et Uil me Ornith camre hora leithe, ” Frostbite coaches, repeating in ghost speak. The inward current grows and the surface of the ectoplasm bends in waves like a fountain. The glowing of the orb increases, flashing green through the tank. A horrifying guttural shriek burbles up and the four humans press their hands over their ears tightly. In the ectoplasm, a human form is trying to take shape- Danny’s form- but the limbs bend wrong and the proportions struggle to find the proper equilibrium. Sam’s heart hitches for what feels like the 80th time in an hour.

“Great One, perhaps try to take a form less complex than your true body. Something smaller. It will be less taxing for your damaged core,” Frostbite offers. The shrieking contorting body in the tank shrinks down to a small furred form. 

Sam recognizes it mostly as an arctic fox, but with much larger ears like a fennec fox. Small antlers peek out from the top of his head, and a pair of tucked wings hang on his back. Um. Interesting? The fox (?) fully solidifies and blinks blearily before taking a deep look at the assembly outside the tank, and growing limp at the base of the tank, body hitting the glass.

Frostbite gasps, an expression of deep pride settling onto his toothed lips in the form of a closed mouthed smile.

“What… What is he?” Jazz peeps up, staring wide eyed at her brother. The little fox breathes heavily, with labored breaths. Its eyes, lids half shut, glare at the foursome with an unknown emotion in them.

“Daniel… is an Uilnow. They are fox-like creatures sacred to multiple ghost realms, including the Far Frozen. One has not been seen in many centuries. They are essentially a version of a ghost child, and are to be protected at all costs. They are… very precious,” Frostbite teaches, his voice in a tone of awe. Tears prick at his eyes, “I anticipated… Well-” He stammers uncharacteristically, “As you know, with enough practice, ghosts can take on any form we desire. Our cores are our only true form, the rest is just the shape of our ectoplasm in a protective mask. But I was unsure if The Great One possessed this ability as a halfa. He still has a corporeal form, after all. Not much is known of his anatomy to be able to predict. I’d expected him to choose a form of a human child- something he’s been before and would be imprinted upon his core already…” a few tears trickle from Frostbites eyes and trail haltingly down his furred face. “For The Great One to choose such a form as this…. Honors my people greatly. That he feels so connected to the Far Frozen as to even consider this form, let alone truly choose it…. I am greatly humbled.” 

Tucker and Sam look at Frostbite's face, drinking in his words. Ghost children were beyond sacred in the zone. They were so rare already. Danny already checks that box on a regular day, having half-died at 14. But now he was this little fluffy guy too? Apparently sacred? Shit, he wasn’t going to be worshiped or something was he? Danny would hate that. He had already put so much energy into disbanding that fringe Phantom cult back home a few years back.

“But… He will change back, right?” Tucker inquires. Sam watches him as he bites his lip, worrying for his best friend. Danny’s breaths are so shallow, so halting. It seems that at any moment they might stop. Would that kill him? He’s never needed to actually breathe in ghost mode after the accident. It was more of a habit than a necessity. Still- Sam, Jazz, and Tucker know that it brings Danny tremendous anxiety to stop breathing, even if it doesn’t bring death.

“He should, little one. His core is merely damaged and needing time to heal. It is a wonder he was able to recover a form at all once fully destabilized. Destabilized cores fade. It is the way of death for a ghost, the final death. That Daniel was able to evade it… I have not in my many years of existence seen such a feat. Tell me,” Frostbite turns to the three humans. Tucker has collapsed back against the couch, Jazz and Sam still standing dumbstruck. “How did this occur?”

It’s Sam who begins the story, eyes transfixed on the small fox’s (Uilnow’s) glowing green eyes.
Notes:

    Hello my Sweet Finches! I am SO excited to share this story with you that I have been working on! I have a bit of a buffer going and am happy to post the first few chapters in a batch so you’re able to binge to where it becomes a DP x DC crossover (won’t take too long, I promise!). Then I will post as I work on it and continue the story. I have a lot of pretty grand ideas for this story, so I’m hoping for it to be a longer one. I would love to hear your thoughts, theories, and ideas in the comments! The Uilnow is an original creation of mine and if anyone wants to try their hand at drawing it, have fun! I might draw it myself. If I do, I’ll make sure to post it here for sure. Please comment! I’d love to hear your thoughts, comments, ideas, and theories <3

Chapter 2: Discovering Vlad
Summary:

    We learn just what happened to lead to Danny and Vlad's fight. Danny and Sam POVs

Notes:

    TW for gore. I went dark with what they found in the GIW lab. Graphic depictions of vivisection.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

Chapter 2: Discovering Vlad

 

~~

Danny

~~



It had been about a week since anyone had last heard from Vlad Masters, in either the Infinite Realms or on Earth. His secretary had called the Fenton’s, wondering if they’d heard from him. It wasn’t unlike him to take spontaneous trips- he was an opportunist after all- but he usually let his staff and his business partners know of his whereabouts once he’d left for a short time. This was the longest they’d ever gone without hearing from him after such a disappearance. The board of Dalv Co. was starting to become anxious. The Fenton’s had not heard from him either, which sent Jack into a frenzied rant about how it must have been a ghost who’d kidnapped him! He convinced Maddie to join him, guns blazing to go on a hunt for the ghost scum who’d done it.

Danny and Jazz had other suspicions. The GIW had been particularly active lately, and had somehow gotten their hands on increasingly more efficient technology. Three times in the last week, they’d almost captured Danny. It seemed like overnight they went from way-unserious goofy-level threat, to serious danger for Danny. He had tried to stay on the DL for as much as he could. He’d even talked to Valerie about taking over more of the ghost fighting this week so that Danny could lie low. He’d promised he’d owe her one, maybe help her with her physics homework. They’d planned to research what they could into the GIW and figure out what those new weapons were, but they hadn’t yet figured out a way how to.

Had they captured Plasmius? After meeting with Sam and Tucker, it was decided: the four of them would steak out the GIW headquarters on the edge of town and see if they could catch a sniff of Vlad.

After a combination of Tucker’s hacking stills and sheer dumb luck, they’d trailed Vlad to deep underground in the GIW’s base. What they found brought Danny to his knees.

In a small metal room was Vlad Plasmius in ghostly glory, gutted and splayed, pinned to the wall like a hellish arts and crafts project. His intestines laid pinned and spread out to either side, hanging like banners. The walls of his chest were pried apart and held open by metal hooks on the wall. His heart beat sickeningly completely separated from his body on a table below. A small, hard, ruby red crystalline orb rested in the negative space of his chest, glowing in a small pink flame. Multitudes of devices were clipped to his collar bones and pointed down at the core, gathering some form of data. Vlad Plasmius stared blankly ahead, gaze unfocusing on the children as if they weren’t even present.

“What did they do??!! ” Danny cried, tears welling at his eyes and streaming down his face. Jazz leaned to the side and vomited, unable to contain her horror. Plasmus didn’t even so much as blink in their direction. He was clearly extremely out of it.

“C’mon we have to let him go!” Sam yelled, for what was perhaps the third time. Danny couldn’t tell. His core was crying. Sure he and Vlad weren’t the best of pals, and even on a good day he wished the Fruitloop would fling himself to the bottom of the ocean with bricks tied to his ankles, but Vlad was a halfa. Only one of three including himself and Danielle. As much as he loathed to admit it and would never tell Vlad, they shared a sort of remarkable kinship in some way. And this… How could he not protect? Protect Vlad. Protect the other Halfa. NOW. Danny’s core screamed with his protection obsession, desperate for action. But he was frozen in fear. This horrible thing, this is what awaited him if the GIW ever found him. What if his parents found out… Danny’s skin crawled and his stomach roiled. As his chest was starting to physically hurt at his failure to complete his obsession, Sam pulled him to his feet. The world lurched a little, but his vision cleared out. She had said something.

“We have to free him Danny!” Sam implored, perhaps not for the first time. Right. Protect. His core soothed slightly at the movement towards its goal, easing that pain in his chest. Thank you Sam . Danny looked to his nemesis once more, who still looked forward, blinking and dazed. He didn’t seem aware of their presence at all. Around his neck wrapped a collar of sorts with blinking red and green lights. Merry Christmas Vlad, Danny thought sardonically.

Danny let his halo engulf him, transforming to Phantom and flying up to the Halfa. The stench of burnt ectoplasm invaded his nose and mouth, making him gag. He studied the collar. There was a button right on the side. Surely it couldn’t be as easy as- The collar hissed and popped open after Danny hedged his bet and pressed it. Perhaps a stupid and risky move, but Danny wasn’t known for being the most tactful and hey- it worked didn’t it? There was a sick type of taunting logic in the ‘off’ button being right there on the side. But Danny supposed with Vlad’s arms pinned to either side of the wall, nails in his wrists and musculature splayed and pinned out like the wings of a butterfly, it wouldn’t have really been possible for him to reach up and press that button anyway. Vlad didn’t even breathe. Like Danny, he usually did even when he didn’t need to. Was he even still alive? He was blinking so there was that at least.

“Vlad- we’re gonna get you outta here,” Danny assured. Suppressing a horrible gagging at the sight and smell of his foe, Danny worked to undo the pins methodically, starting with his intestines. He rolled them back into Vlad’s gut, smooshing them roughly into place. Thank Ancients Vlad was in Plasmius form. While they had organs as Halfas, they were more a superficial occurrence, hence why Plasmius wasn’t fucking dead right now. As long as his insides were loosely inside his body, his ghost form would rearrange and fix everything before he transformed back.It might scar, but he should survive perfectly fine. Perks of ‘the whole being dead thing’.

After unpinning and shoving Vlad’s innards back into place, Danny unpinned his arms at the wrists, catching him around the armpits and lowering him to the ground. Where he had gently placed his flaps of skin and sternum back into place was already refusing together, healing at a tremendous rate. Vlad groaned, closing his eyes.

“Vlad? Vlad! Can you hear me?”

“Wha-” Vlad turned his head to the side, closing his eyes and scrunching his eyebrows. Never had Danny seen him so incomposed. But Danny supposed that the guy could deserve an exception, this having been the worst possible week in his goddamn life and afterlife. A living nightmare, that's what this was. Distantly, Danny wondered if he would wake up and this would have all been an insane and horrendous imaginative dream. He wasn’t really sure what that would say about his psyche. He hadn’t dreamed this particular horror before, but he’d had plenty of horrible nightmares similar. He’d have to ask Jazz what kind of fruitloop it made him if he could dream up something so vile. But no, this was no dream. This was viscerally, horribly real.

Maybe after this, Vlad will stop hunting me down. Least he could do, Danny thought. Still, he wasn’t doing this for a favor. No one deserved this. Hell, he’d even rescue Skulker if that’s who they’d found here, and Skulker wanted to pelt him! Danny wondered what type of fruitloop that made him. Jazz would probably have a diagnosis. Ancients, focus Danny! He chided himself.

“Vlad c’mon, wakeup. We can’t stay here,” Danny bit out, annoyed. Surely when he’d unclipped all those monitors from Vlad’s collarbones he had triggered some type of alarm. Hell, there were probably cameras in here somewhere. The GIW were a loosely scientific bunch after all. He knew if it was his parents that… nope he couldn’t finish that thought. He was going to be sick. He was getting ready to carry the guy if he needed to, but he knew from personal experience that unwanted touch wasn’t the most welcome thing after such an ordeal and unconsciousness (or semi unconsciousness? Danny wasn’t sure). But before he had to resort to that, Vlad’s eyes flew open. He sat up in a start, gasping a deep sputtering breath. Ectoplasm flecked with blood spit from his lips in a cough. He surveyed the room for a brief second, until his eyes locked solidly on Danny.

And his expression was one of sheer rage.

“ YOU !” Danny startled. Vlad leapt forward, hands at Danny’s throat, flinging them both backwards against the wall. Danny’s head smashed against it with a pang. Thank the Ancients that he was in Phantom form. Otherwise he would have a massive concussion.

What the fucking hell?? What had he done?

“What the fucking hell Vlad? What did I do??” Danny voiced aloud, trying to remain unperturbed by the closed hands at his throat. Sure it hurt, but Danny didn’t really need to breathe. Still, if he had to go much longer without breathing, he knew his brain would start to panic, even if illogical. He gripped Vlads wrists at his throat, pushing hard against them to pull them away.

“ You, ” Vlad growled, his fangs showing in his sneer, “ This is your fault. If you hadn’t- If I hadn’t- If your damn father hadn’t– If they hadn’t- ” Vlad pressed into him with renewed vigor, pinning him to the wall once more. He wasn’t making any sense.

“Listen fruitloop, we can do this later, we have to get you out of here! They’re gonna be back!”

A genuinely evil laugh bit out of Vlad then, sending Danny’s heart fleeing into his gut. It was chilling, and not in a good soothing-his-ice-core way. This was deeply unsettling and he couldn’t help but widen his eyes in horror. Oookay Vlad had clearly lost it. Not that Danny blamed the guy.

“ Let them COME! ” Vlad shoved off of Danny and Danny could hear a massive crackling noise. Was that…

Vlad’s bones began to crack and pop out of place, and he was expanding rapidly. His face lengthened to a bluish-mint alligator-like snout, his teeth elongating into great white fangs. His cape and back morphed into big black bat wings. Three sets of white, scaled, large dragon’s legs erupted from his wide chest and waist and he fell forwards onto them so that he was no longer bipedal. A thorny devil’s tail stretched out behind him, thick and spiked and mottled black, white, and minty blue. A second set of leathery wings erupted from his lower back, deep and red. A second pair of glowing red eyes rolled forward. Pink fire licked off of his head and down his back like a mane. An unsettling roar erupted from his throat.

Shit . Fucking shit.

Danny fled. He grabbed all three of his friends in a semblance of a group hug, turned intangible, and flew straight up. Up- up out of the GIW Base. They collapsed up onto the ground. Danny was pretty sure at least Jazz was in shock, if not Tucker too. Sam looked at him with horror etched into her eyes. Vlad could take care of himself now. He did his part to protect him, his core sated. Now he had to save his friends.

As he was getting ready to grab them all and take off again, Vlad burst out from the ground, not even bothering with intangibility. The ground buckled upwards beneath them, the crust of the earth crumbling upwards. Their feet quaked beneath them. Sam, Tucker, and Jazz fell to the side, screaming.

“ Guys! ” Danny’s core screamed in harmony with his cry, his hand reached out for his friends.

Protect them! His core thrummed painfully in his chest. He flew up in a jerk towards them, but just as quickly was slapped down to the earth like a fly beneath massive, still growing claws. WHUMP he went, stars cascading in front of his vision and chest wheezing as the breath was knocked out of his ghost lungs (or whatever ectoplasmic version constituted for lungs in his form. Danny wasn’t sure of his own exact ghost anatomy and he did NOT want to find out).

Thus their battle commenced. Vlad, in this new beast form, dragged and flinged Danny through the surrounding forest, then through half of Amity. When he could, Danny desperately countered. He tried his hardest to counter the attacks and to phase them into intangibility when they hit buildings or people, but it was a mad frenzy. Slowly but surely as they fought across Amity Park, Danny began to gain the upper hand. Towards the end of their fight, which had trailed them through Elmerton and looped back around to Amity, Danny was covered in deep clawed gashes and he was pretty sure one of his legs was broken at the tibia and femur. His body screamed at him in agony, but he couldn’t afford rest.

“VLAD- STOP!” Danny cried, not for the first time. Out of his peripheral vision, he saw Val in her red huntress suit fast approaching, followed by a flying specter speeder. His core pulsed hard in his chest like a panicked heartbeat. His friends. No!

Danny’s arms were locked around one massive claw as he tried to figure out desperately how to stop Vlad from killing his loved ones. His mind locked on a vision from that GIW base. That small pink flame in Vlad’s chest…

Danny didn’t want to think about how that had to have been the elder halfa’s core- his very soul. He couldn’t think about it because his own core was thrumming with protective obsession, and he didn’t want to think about what he was about to do. About what it would mean. About the murderer it was about to make him. With sick determination, Danny phased intangible and flew straight through Vlad’s draconic chest. Halfway through, he gritted his teeth, squeezed his eyes shut, and phased a hand tangible within his chest, yanking at the core and pulling it through.

A roar let out in agony and rage and the core burned hot in Danny’s fist, sending a burning sensation over Danny’s hands. He screamed, guttural and raw. Was his wail coming out? He pointed his head towards the sky just in case.

Pain flared up and down his old lichtenberg scars, leading from where Vlad’s core burned in his hand, traveling up his arm and around the edges of his face. As Vlad’s form dissipated below him, his core flared a bright vengeful pink, engulfing Danny’s whole body in what he could only describe as pure hell. 

The only other time he had ever felt such pain was the portal accident itself. But this time, instead of electricity frying him from the inside out, it was flames licking his skin, charring him to a crisp. He wailed, letting his energy go up and out into the heavens. The sky shook. And then as fast as the flames overtook him, they sputtered out, the core in his hand fading into mist. 

He’d done it. He’d saved his friends, his town. But at what cost to his humanity? Danny despaired, relief and horror wrenching his gut in a tug-of-war. He found himself plummeting to the ground. Shit- this was gonna hurt. The ground cratered beneath him.

His core- his CORE . He was burning, he was so hot . His core was one of ice and the heat grated against his soul. It was so wrong. He clutched at his chest. No…. Please…. Heat and pain flared throughout his body and as he saw his friends rushing down the sides of the crater to him, he lost consciousness.

 

~~

Sam

~~

 

Sam relayed the tale from her perspective to Frostbite, her eyes never once leaving that little Uilnow in the tank that was her boyfriend. Danny seems to be fighting sleep, breathing shallowly and occasionally panting. His eyelids never rise past halfway open, green orbs glowing beneath them in a pained expression. He can’t be more than 6 lbs in this form (probably less because of his ghostly nature) and his fluffy blue tail, tipped in white, curls around him as if to keep him warm in the goo. A lichtenberg scar winds from one of his front paws, up his arm and over the backs of one of his enormous ears. If Sam weren’t so racked with panic for Danny, she would have thought him cute.

“And then we caught up with him, and he was destabilizing. Frostbite, I think he killed Vlad,” Sam finishes with a squeak. Distantly, she is aware that at some point she had sat on the couch behind her, and Tucker and Jazz were on either side of her. She hadn’t realized that at one point, the other yetis had draped a massive blanket over their collective shoulders. Apparently, they’d also placed a mug of hot chocolate in her hands, because his palms wrapped around its warmth, its steam clouding her face.

Frostbite rolls a ‘tsk’ sound with his teeth against his fangs, considering. “It appears that the one you call Vladimir Plasmius’ fire core was too much for young Daniel’s ice one. We have also speculated in the past that Daniel has an obsession for protection. Ending Vlad may have also pitted his core in war against itself. The Great One sacrificed much to come to your aid. It is indeed possible that Vladimir is fully gone, returned to the Great Core of the infinite realms itself as my people believe. But it is also possible…” He trails off uncharacteristically. Sam is frustrated, her senses of their conversation and her surroundings returning.

“It’s possible that what?” She bites out.

“Well,” Frostbite muses, a knuckle raised to his bearded chin in thought, “Vladimir is the very first of his kind that I am aware of personally. Daniel and Danielle are the only other Halfas in existence to my knowledge. It is not known what transpires when their half-life is forfeited. It is possible Plasmius shall reform as a ghost entirely. But it would be unsurprising if he were to continue on to the Great Core and fade all together. There is no precedent for such proceedings. This particular avenue of life and death has not yet been traversed by a soul.”

The three of them let this information stew in silence.

“GREAT! JUST GREAT! SO HE MIGHT NOT EVEN BE DEAD?!” Tucker throws his arms up in exasperation, knocking the blanket back off his shoulders accidentally.

“Tucker,” Jazz chastises, “That’s hardly the priority right now. Chief Frostbite,” Jazz turns to the yeti, “how long will my little brother be… this?” Calm wraps her voice, but a pleading expression envelops her teal eyes. At that moment, the Dannyfox yawns widely, stretching its wings wide. The furred feathers are flecked with white spots, splattered like stars on the undersides, which are a deep inky blue-black as opposed to the light ice blue of its body. It licks its lips and falls asleep. Its breathing evens out, deepening and smoothing in rhythm.

“The most important thing, thus far my friends, is that The Great One has retained a form at all. This Uilnow should be small and simple enough for him to rejuvenate within the ectoplasm, drawing more within him until he is able to regain his proper form, or whichever form he shall choose to take.”

“Choose to take?” Jazz questions.

“Yes Jasmine. The Great One’s core, while it is healing, has been fractured. This could cause great changes within him, both to his personality and to his abilities at large. He is an ice core ghost, so those powers will not abandon him in any form, but as he heals, he may shift, gaining some powers while losing others. Core healing is not an exact science. Still, this particular ectoplasmic variant should aid him in his quest to heal. It is a rare ectoplasm special to ice core ghosts and is a great healer amongst my people. It will aid your kin.”

“Forgive me Frostbite,” a yeti off to the corner of the room speaks up. Tucker, Sam, and Jazz jump slightly. They had forgotten their presence.

“You man speak Bitterblue, my friend,” Frostbite nods to the smaller Yeti.

“I am certainly glad that The Great One will mend, but… what does this mean for the infinite realms? He is still our Princeling, is he not?”

Tucker, Sam, and Jazz stiffen. Danny has never particularly liked that he was raised to that particular position. Still, there was nothing to be done about it. There were no other candidates who directly helped in Pariah Dark’s defeat in combat besides Danielle and Vlad and Danny certainly wasn’t going to let Vlad of all people become High King of the Infinite Realms. And Danielle was technically under a year old at the time. Danny couldn’t put that on her, especially while she was still discovering who she even was. She was less stable in those early days as well. Fortunately time seemed to stabilize her form. She had even had a growth spurt and could easily be mistaken for Danny’s twin now. Still, Sam had to concede that Danny’s rise to King-to-be status had benefited Amity Park. Ghost attacks in general were now much fewer and ended much faster. There had almost been a semblance of peace for a time. Still, there were so many things Danny had to attend to in the Ghost Zone now- he never slept and he had to spend almost all his free time there. It was a draining gig.

“Ah, that should be no problem young one,” Frostbite smiles, addressing his younger tribeswoman, “Our King has implemented a council of sorts to aid in his rule during his adolescence for the first hundred years or so. We should be able to cover things while he takes a short while to heal and reform himself. He is still our Prince, but he must rest and we the council will allow him to do so.” The younger yeti sighs in relief. 

Sometimes it was easy for Sam to forget just how long Danny’s life (or half-life) is likely to be. One of the first things Danny did when he finally accepted that he was Prince was appoint a council. One of which contained Frostbite, Pandora, Nocturne, Dora, and a few others from their adventures. He’d wanted to appoint Clockwork, but being master of all time demanded enough focus of his attention, and was far more important. Thinking on the list of council members she’s met personally, Sam realizes they are all foes turned allies. She smiles privately to herself. Danny does have an uncanny way of winning people over. Even Valerie who once hated his guts as phantom had warmed up to him and entered a truce. He’d eventually even trusted her with his secret and now they count her as one of their closest friends.

A sense of ease settles over Sam and for the first time, she’s able to relax her muscles and realize how much tension they’ve been holding. The warmth of the hot chocolate in her hands has waned, remaining undrinken but soothing nonetheless.

“Samantha,” Frostbite addresses. She hates that name, but can’t hold it against the ghost yeti. He means nothing by it. He is simply stuck in his formal ways. Danny and Sam had speculated that formality might be a minor obsession of his, as he seems to be unable to refer to Danny as ‘Danny’, instead sticking more to ‘Great One’ and ‘King’. ‘Daniel’ was about as casual as the guy could get and even then it wasn’t his go-to. Either it was a minor obsession, a cultural thing, or the guy just plain liked messing with Danny. They couldn’t figure it out for sure.

“Mhm,” Sam acknowledges.

“You are in need of a change in attire, and I am sure all three of you require warmer clothing and lodgings anyway. Let me see what I can achieve for your easement while you remain. I assume you wish to stay with us while our King recuperates his strength?” Frostbite sweeps a hand to the tank, indicating the small dozing Dannyfox, now hovering several inches above the floor of the tank, still curled into a tight ball. Subconsciously, he curls his tail around his body in such a way that its fluffy tip lays atop the back of one ear- the one with the lichtenberg scar. Sam’s heart softens. Poor Danny. She looks down to her crop top and mini skirt, reminded of the fact that she is absolutely coated in Danny’s ectoplasm. She suddenly feels ill. Sam realizes she can see her breath in front of her face and finds her teeth clattering. Yeah it's too cold in here for humans. 

“That would be wonderful, Frostbite. Thank you.” Sam, Jazz, and Tucker allow themselves to be led out of the room by Frostbite. Three yetis remain with Danny, guarding him while he sleeps. Hopefully he will be returned to normal by morning.
Notes:

    Note- when I describe Vlad’s thorny devil tail, I mean like the lizard. Reference pic below. I would also love to point out that ‘the whole being dead thing’ phrase is most certainly an intentional Beetlejuice reference (love that musical) and the name Bitterblue is a reference to one of my favorite book series, the Graceling Realm series by Kristin Cashore (highly recommend!) Next chapter this story finally becomes a DP X DC crossover! Please comment! I’d love to hear your thoughts, comments, ideas, and theories <3

    Thorny devil reference: https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/bcf751e100116d3322875d7370db7066b2772ec2/0_159_5715_3430/master/5715.jpg?width=700&quality=85&auto=format&fit=max&s=1a8fafaddbf53c0a8f74fa79b6fd4ff3

Chapter 3: The GIW aka Gotham Intergenic Works
Summary:

    Danny has mysteriously ended up in Gotham Intergenic Works as a lab subject. During a covert Op, the batfam plus discover a hurt Danny in need of help and they do what they do best: rescue the kid. Nightwing/Dick POV

Notes:

    TW for animal testing/animal abuse

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 3: The GIW aka Gotham Intergenic Works

 

~~

Nightwing

~~

 

Nightwing and Robin push effortlessly through the secret base. This was an all-bats-on-deck type mission. Cadmus had been more active as of late and recent reconnaissance had led them to the knowledge of a secret base within a local division of the company. Nightwing had rolled his eyes. Cadmus was already supposed to be a bit of a secret. Now they have secrets within secrets? Secretception seemed a little stupid but c’est la vie. This secret division was known as the GIW, which intel said stood for ‘Gotham Intergenic Works’. How stupid Cadmus had to be to operate a secretception base below the nose of Batman, Nightwing couldn’t say. But he’d wager pretty ding dang stupid. 

Cadmus is a genetic testing company by day and a nefarious cloning operation by night. Operated by the mysterious Light, their goals are to precipitate humanity’s evolution in the scope of the cosmos, by any means necessary. But Cadmus already had a history in the secret cloning of supers. Conner was proof enough of that. Why the new division? If the “Intergenic” part of the acronym served to inform its role as another unethical genetics lab, what set it apart from the main body of Cadmus?

Tonight’s mission is meant to be covert ops, unless clones or the like are found. Then all the crap will hit the fan. Nightwing is partnered with Robin, perhaps to curtail the younger bat’s murderous and impulsive tendencies. This would be a good mission for him to prove he’d gained more power over his actions and agency in his hero work. He’d only been with the bats for close to a year and Batman still couldn’t trust him to manage himself in all scenarios. Still, Nightwing wonders why he is stuck with the murder baby of all his siblings. It wasn’t a secret that Nightwing sort of loathed Robin. Arrogant smug little-

“ At attention old bird, ” Robin telepathically communicates and waves a hand in front of Nightwing’s face, snapping him into focus. Before they left for Cadmus, the bats had enlisted the help of Martian Manhunter to set up a telepathic link, always handy in covert ops. Right, not the time to get carried away in thought. Nightwing glowers at the jab (he is not old. He’s only 26!), but refuses to acknowledge it. Arrogant little robin indeed. Twerp. Nightwing doubts Robin will ever learn real manners. Being raised by assassins would do that to a kid though, he supposes.

Silently, they survey the scene below, safely hidden up in the rafters of what appears to be a genetics lab. Various vats and cages litter the floor in neat rows and columns, and scientists walk from row to row, jotting down data and injecting various organisms with some type of serum? It’s not looking good. Still, from what they can see above, most of the cages and vats contain small animals, no humans. Frogs, rabbits, and mice mainly. Some of the vats even seem to be terrariums for strange alien looking plants. Still- nothing humanoid and nothing that indicates nefarious cloning activity outright. As much as Nightwing cringes watching the scientists poke, prod, and inject the animals, it isn’t enough to warrant blowing their cover and creating a scene. He takes comfort that they will eventually be freed once the justice league is able to gather the intel they need to shut down Cadmus (and the GIW) for good.

“ Robin here,” Robin thinks through the mental link to the entire team. In other sections of the base gathering their own intel are Superboy, Spoiler, Red Robin, The Flash and Batman. The Bats because of their discovery of the operation, Superboy because of his proximity to Cadmus affairs, and the Flash because nothing much was happening in Central City tonight, he was restless, and being nosy per usual. At least he was helpful. “ Nothing of significant note in G14. Mostly small mammalian and botanic test subjects with mild treatment at most. Seems that it could be completely legal practice from my observations so far. It hinges on what serum they are using in their experimentation.” Nightwing cringes internally from the clinically detached mental tone from Robin. Legal, potentially but ethical? Not likely. The cages are too small and plain for any semblance of quality of life for any of the subjects. Sometimes it’s too easy to forget Robin is only 11. Seriously? Even if they’re not actively being tortured, Nightwing can’t help but feel sorry for the critters below. Sue him and his bleeding heart, he doesn’t care. 

“ It’s the same in G9,” Batman sends down the mental link. A chorus of mirrored sentiments from each of the other teams sends. Peculiar. For such a secret division of Cadmus, they didn’t seem to be working on anything very secret-worthy. Dubious, perhaps, but was this worth the covert mission? It seemed like a lot of trouble for a lead that had promised to be so much more. Their findings had led them to believe the GIW was in the process of developing a powerful new genetic weapon. When Nightwing and his original young Justice crew had rescued Conner back in his Robin days, they’d found an entire genomorph army in the making. But Cadmus’ secretception base was small potatoes? Nightwing wasn’t buying it. There had to be something.

“ We should still try to determine what serum they’re using. See if anyone can snag a sample ,” Superboy sends. It doesn’t surprise Nightwing to hear the clear and utter relief in his mental tone. Every Cadmus mission they go on and fail to shut down the organization entirely niggles at Conner. It’s long been his life’s ambition to shut them down permanently and entirely, but each time someone comes crawling back out of the woodwork and restarting things. Curse the Light and their reach. But if this subdivision of the organization was truly nothing clone related, it would be a relief to Conner the most. No one deserved that type of origin and Superboy knew firsthand what it was like. Pulling him from his thoughts, something catches Nightwing’s eye.

“ Wait a minute,” Nightwing sends. He silently points below to one of the scientists, indicating Robin to what holds his attention. A scientist is stopped in front of a glass cage, drawing a bright green substance from one of the organisms rather than inserting it. It’s clearly not normal blood, and the color is eerily reminiscent of lazarus water. Nightwing and Robin breathlessly and noiselessly move to a rafter closer to the pair. Inside the cage lies a small fox, maybe a fennec fox, but it is bizarrely light blue and…. With antlers? Wings? Interesting. The scientist finishes filling the syringe, placing it in a vial organizer. The scientist then brings a second syringe and repeats. A third. A fourth. Dangit how much do they need? The fox (?) can’t be more than 6 lbs!  At each pinprick of a syringe, the fox twitches, wings rattling feathers in place in a violent tremble. Its ears are pinned down and back, revealing a branching scar on the back of one of its huge ears. A small barking cry emanates from the curious creature. With each draw, the fox grows more and more agitated. It doesn’t seem to have much physical energy and doesn’t even stand.

The scientist takes out a fifth syringe and the fox growls, moving to bite the scientist’s hand. A second scientist joins, taking one hand and easily holding the muzzle closed and pinning it down by its back legs. The fox starts squealing and bucking in earnest to the best of its ability, only to be met by the scientist pressing their weight down upon it further. Unceremoniously, the scientist lessens their pressure on the fox’s head, allowing it to hope to stand and rise slightly. Only a millisecond later, they slam the head back down, dazing it and allowing the partner to finish the fifth and a sixth draw. The scientists let go and continue down the row, having closed the top of the fox’s cage. They stop at various stations, switching the tips of the syringes and reinserting the green blood into other subjects in meticulously measured amounts with varying results. They inject a frog whose throat swells up and upon the release of the chirp, the frog grows rabbit ears and a second set of eyes. The scientist writes down observations in a clipboard chart.

“ I’m seeing some pretty advanced genetic engineering going on here. They’re using some kind of serum one of the animals is producing. It appears to be its blood. It's…. lazarus green…” Nightwing sends. He can sense Batman, Spoiler, Red Robin, and Robin stiffen at the reference to lazarus waters. After Jason, some things hit too close to home within the Bat family.

“ We’re not seeing that here,” Batman sends. The groups send various agreements. It's only G14 testing the green blood. “ Try to get a sample, Nightwing and Robin. ”

The two stake out from their vantage point, waiting for a moment until the scientists filter out of the room, seemingly content with their findings for the moment. They noticeably take the cart of syringe vials with them. Nightwing and Robin flip down, silently touching to the floor with the grace of an acrobat and an assassin.

“ I’ll go and retrieve a sample from their cart. Stay here and observe in case there are any notable changes or discoveries amongst the specimen,” Robin thinks at him directly with intense levels of confidence for an eleven year old, forgoing the main mental link with the others. Nightwing, annoyed at being bossed around by the brat but unwilling to let it show, nods solemnly in acquiescence, drawing his escrima. The plan isn’t poor, might as well. He remains poised and ready should there be any changes.

“ Careful little wing,” Nightwing returns. With an eye roll that would have been noticeable if not for the domino, Robin takes off swiftly into the hall in the most utter stealth possible.

Nightwing surveys the room, keeping rapt attention to all possible entrances and exits (the door to the left and the air vents above where they’d entered). He looks at the frog, now complete with rabbit ears and an extra set of eyes. It doesn’t seem concerned at its new form, which is promising. In fact, none of the specimens seem to be in active pain. Except for that fox. Nightwing turns to it curiously. Why such a difference in treatment? Is this the only specimen producing that blood? Nightwing wonders what it started its life as, if its blood provides some form of shapeshifting ability. Did it start as a fox? An owl? Something else entirely?

The little fox slumps at the base of a glass cage far too large for it. With a glance, Nightwing observes that there are several smaller tanks in the room vacant. So why give this little guy the ‘deluxe suite’? Nightwing steps closer to the sleeping form. Its small breaths are shallow and ragged, snagging Nightwing’s heart the same way a kicked chihuahua would. He is so small and his fur is dirty and mussed. The little creature cannot even groom itself under the pain it burdens.

Upon his closer inspection, Nightwing notices a lichtenberg scar winds up from one paw up and around the back of one ear. How could something so small survive a lightning strike? Was it a manmade experience or a natural one? Even through the grime, the fur glows a faint shimmering blue like near-clear ice with sunlight shining through it. A litter of needle marks poke through its small arm near a vein and a small amount of the green blood trickles from several of the marks. Nightwing cautiously opens the top door of the cage, reaching down into it and swiping a few fat globules on his gloved finger. Closing the cage again, he stares down at the substance in his hand…

Rubbing it between gloved fingers and smelling it, Nightwing notes that it is thicker than the lazarus waters he has seen. Is that due to its function as blood? Or is this lazarus water different somehow? Surely it must be failing to kill or heal this creature as the pit water was known to do. The smell is sweet, citrusy, and burnt like someone baked and burned lemon blondies in an oven. Also weird. Lazarus water has never had such a scent as far as Nightwing can recall.

“ Retrieved, ” Robin sends.

“ Perfect Robin. Everyone, let's regroup back at the rendezvous point. I think we have enough intel to plan a more full scale takedown for the meantime,” Batman sends. 

“ On it, leaving now,” He returns. As Nightwing moves to return to the vents, the fox shifts in the corner of his vision. Suddenly, a blinding white ring forms around its midsection. It sputters and blinks, expanding outwards in both directions, stuttering, and continuing. After a moment, it sweeps fully over the fox’s head and rear. It becomes clear why the fox is in a tank much larger than itself. Fuck, Crap hitting the fan it is…

“ Wait Bats, I have something. ” Nightwing’s eyes widen in shock and he gasps at the sight. In place of the small glowing creature is a child. A decidedly human child. They curl up on their side, scrunched and naked on the cool glass floor of the tank in the fetal position. Scruffy black hair erupts from the top of their head, just as mussed and matted as the fox’s fur had been. The underside of their hair by the nape of his neck is a bright white and the skin is very pale. Nightwing’s heart sinks at the sight of the same lichtenberg scar the fox had, wrapping from the palm of one hand up to the side of the child’s face. Tears stream down the child’s face overlapping dried tracks. The tears are a matching green to the blood- the weird lazarus water.

“ This mission is no longer covert. I have a child with me, a young boy. He can’t be more than 3 biologically speaking, though he may be chronologically younger if he is a clone. Batman- he isn’t in a stasis tube. They were drawing a lot of blood from him and he isn’t in stasis,” Nightwing sends. Surely the GIW intended to grow a clone older than 3? Why were they tearing him down instead of growing him up? And if he was a clone of a Justice League member, who would it be of? His two-toned hair wasn’t immediately reminiscent of any one Leager, but maybe that was due to being a spliced clone? It’s similar to Jason’s hair, but his was the result of the trauma and resurrection of his death, not genetic. It shouldn't be something inheritable by a clone. Nightwing remembers the acronym does stand for Gotham Intergenic Works. Is that what Intergenic is supposed to imply? Is it possible he is a spliced clone like Superboy, who is a blend of Superman and Lex Luthor? But then again- why the secretception and the separate division if he is the same as Superboy? And Nightwing can’t think of any League members with shapeshifting like those white rings. The martians’ shapeshifting wasn’t in such a way.

A pause settles over the mental link and though nothing is said, Nightwing can practically hear the thickness of the emotion through the line stemming from every single team member, especially Superboy. It is the feeling of choked throats and apprehension viscous as sludge.

“ Take the boy, meet us at the rendezvous point,” Is the only response from Batman in a calm, collected, rehearsed tone. Nightwing moves to do just that, not waiting for Robin to return. He can find his own egress. Nightwing cannot risk leaving this child alone, naked and hurting in the tank.

Nightwing opens the lid of the tank once more, gently lifting the boy out of the tank and curling him into his arms. The boy is concerningly light and limp, complete dead weight and still light as a feather. Nightwing checks his pulse: weak but present. Nightwing takes comfort in the small breaths the boy shakes out. Nightwing takes the time to strap the young boy to his chest with a roll of thick gauze from his utility belt, wrapping it over and over his chest once more until the child is secure. The boy doesn’t stir once. Concerning. Nightwing’s mind races and his heart pumps to catch up. He feels ripples of emotion radiating from the boy, however faint. Is it a meta ability? A superpower? It begins as panic and fear, but wanes into sweet relief and contentment. The boy nestles further into Nightwing’s chest. His tiny fists attempt to grab at fabric on Nightwing’s chest, but his kevlar armor stays put. Then he sinks back into complete stillness, save for shallow spaced breaths. What has this poor boy been through?

As Nightwing makes his way through the vents and out of the depths of the GIW lab, an alarm explodes to life below, but it’s too late. Nightwing is already too near the exit grate. He swiftly makes his way to the rendezvous point several blocks from the Cadmus facility. After meeting with the rest of the group, it's decided to bring the child to the secrecy and security of the Bat cave. They have Superboy join them, not that he could be persuaded otherwise if they’d tried. Batman calls Martian Manhunter to meet them. The boy is traumatized and likely a super or a meta of some form- a psychic may be beneficial for when he wakes up. Batman is cautious if nothing else.

Upon regrouping, Nightwing is surprised to see Robin hefting a large black puppy- a great dane. He shrugs, telling them that if they were busting the kid out and breaking their cover he might as well save another of the test subjects himself. It’s sound and cool logic, but Nightwing smiles when he hears Robin call him Titus before they even make it back to the cave. The tin man (or arrogant demon brat) may have a heart after all.

The Child is caucasian, black haired and (upon lifting an eyelid to check, the boy is still unconscious) blue-eyed. Is he another superman clone? But what of the lazarus green blood? The foxlike form? Superman cannot shapeshift. And what were those bright white rings? A deep sense of foreboding settles in the pit of Nightwing’s stomach. He knows by taking the child they have blown their cover- Cadmus and the GIW will most certainly be evacuating the rest of the subjects and their lab. The Light will remove them without a trace. It took them months to track down and gather the intel about the GIW this time, it will take even longer now that they know their secretceptive base is discovered. Still, leaving the child behind was too large a risk. And Superboy would never have allowed it, not that anyone was suggesting such a thing. As Nightwing grapples smoothly through the night sky alongside his team members, arm wrapped protectively against the child, his heart fills with deep sadness for this child.

He knows immediately what his siblings will joke: black hair and blue eyes with a tragic backstory? He’s Bruce Wayne adoption fodder for sure. But Nightwing thinks selfishly to himself- maybe it’s not Bruce’s turn this time.
Notes:

    Boom, now it’s a DCxDP fanfic. Did y’all notice that when in Dick’s POV, I use non cuss words? Thought it’d be a funny little detail that Dick staunchly refuses to curse and all the rest of the batfam does (minus Damian, that’s beneath him). Except for the one mental ‘fuck’ when he sees poor Danny but give the guy a break. And don’t worry, I’ll cover how Danny got from the Far Frozen to a lab! Patience, my sweet little finches. Next up, child Danny POV. As always, please comment, kudos, and subscribe! And please comment any questions I love to answer them <3

Chapter 4: I am Not a Fox
Summary:

    Danny wakes up, confused and way too young with amnesia and surrounded by heroes. How did he get here??? And IS THAT AN ALIEN???? Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 4: I am Not a Fox

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Ouch. Ouch all over. He cannot open his eyes, the effort is insurmountable. His head pounds and his lungs burn. Ouch indeed. He doesn’t remember much- doesn’t remember how he got here or where he is. His core aches and his insides feel too big for his outsides- like his very being bubbles and claws just beneath his skin in a sizzling hum. That doesn’t make sense, but that’s what it’s like. And he’s pretty sure that isn’t normal. He focuses all his energy on trying to take deep breaths but they come out shallow. His throat is dry and rasp and it hurts to breathe. His wings feel like a weighted blanket, pressing too hard downwards on his small furred frame.

Wings? Fur? That’s not right. But it is?

His headache is too strong to form a plan, to form too cohesive of a thought, but then he hears a voice. “On it, leaving now.” He doesn’t hear it with his ears, but his mind instead. The voice is deep and warm and it sounds… safe? He doesn’t remember the last time there was a safe nearby. All the people that have been with him lately have been dangers. Unfriendlies. But this, was this a friendly? His core flares in an attempt to connect with the aura of the other, but he is too weak. Did the voice say he was leaving? No, STAY?! His core thrums. It has been so long since he has been with a safe. Please don’t go! He can feel tears tracking down his face. He is going to be all alone again. All alone with the dangers.
He puts all his strength into his core, trying to reach out with all his might to say something, to do something. Though his eyes are closed, a bright white light flashes and sputters before his closed eyelids. He mentally grits through the effort and pain until the light swipes over him entirely.

“Don’t leave me!” He thinks loudly at the safe. But he knows the safe cannot hear him, he only screams mentally and they are not linked. Even if he can hear the safe, the safe cannot hear him. The effort of his transformation has left him completely wiped. A deeper pain settles into his joints and bones and a ragged type of fatigue starts taking over his body. He has been fighting sleep for days now, and he cannot fight it any longer. No. He despairs over his body’s betrayal. This safe is going to leave him here and he will never see his family and friends again. He will be left with the dangers and the needles and the scalpels for all eternity. Cutting and drawing and pulling and poking and prodding and taking. No. His heart and core tighten with fear.

But then, the sensation of being lifted. The feel of something soft cocooning him around his bare back and backside. The feel of something firm beneath his face and chest. His arms and feet smush forward, pinned securely between a wall of something and his body. Oh- he has hands and feet now? Not paws? And where did his wings go? His head spins. The wall moves. Wait- not a wall. It’s the safe! The closer proximity makes it easier to send his core out in search of his aura. He was right, it is a safe! A friendly! The safe’s aura is sad, melancholic, determined, but decidedly not malicious. It has been so long since he has been near an aura without malice. He curls into the touch, tears of relief tracking down his eyes. Content and unable to spare energy into remaining some semblance of conscious, the boy slips into sleep, finally.

 

~~~~~~~~~

 

Nightmares. Nightmares like they always come. They start with the sensation of melting laid atop a strange girl’s lap. She cries, sobs, and he wants to help her. He wants to protect. But he cannot protect her from her own emotion. His core sobs with her at the failure. Why can’t he protect? He needs to protect! The nightmare shifts until he is submerged in a thick blue jello. Pain shocks through his core and he can’t be . His arms and head and mind and soul grapple around his exposed core, stretching and pulling and growing and shrinking and it hurts.

“Something smaller. It will be less taxing for your damaged core,” a voice guides in that universal language, the one he knows by his core rather than his brain. He has five ears in that moment- he can hear it loud and ringing even through the viscous liquid. He knows that voice. Why does he know that voice? It reminds him of the Far Frozen. What’s the Far Frozen? A memory of a small form bubbles to the surface in his mind. Something smaller . Yes, that one will do. He shifts from trying to form his own body into forming an Uilnow, small and foxlike. Yes, this will do. Pain seeps from his core but the electric burning sensation ceases, calming into a familiar dull ache behind scars he is used to.

The nightmare shifts. 

Puppeteer strings pull on his new body, his fox legs and snowy owl wings dancing in the air beyond his control. He sweeps from the blue vat and emerges into a void. Ticking reverberates around him and his new large and fluffy ears take in the echo of the sound. The sensation of great sadness, of immense regret. Of unchangeable whim. The coolness of ectoplasm. The electric crackle of a portal. The sweet relief of unconsciousness. These things all flick by in a dizzying whirr. A voice, deep and ancient, speaks to him, but the words fall upon foreign ears. He can recognize it as English, his language, but he cannot understand it. These ears aren’t meant to. The voice is familiar and old, then young? He cannot remember. Why can’t he remember?? Panic.

The nightmare shifts.

His eyes open upon white pockets. Lab coat? That is familiar. But not good familiar. He lays on his side on a table, little fox legs tied down and his wings pinned back. He looks up. The lab coat grabs a scalpel from a tray and moves over him. NO. Terror floods through his bones, his core, his lungs. The first cut.

Black.

He opens his eyes and this time it takes more effort. His throat is raspy and dry. His paws and wings are no longer secured. Wait…. He doesn’t have paws or wings? He has human fingers and toes? When did that happen? Beeping sounds to his right quietly in a soothing rhythm that aligns with his heartbeat perfectly. A light hum sounds behind his head. It sounds too much like…. A portal???

His heart kicks into gear and he jerks awake awake , kicking off sheets that tangle in his little legs. He needs them OFF now. No more pinning! No more laying down!

“Hey Kid. Kid! Cool it- it’s alright!” a voice raises. The person beside him places hands on his arm.

“DON’T TOUCH ME!” The scream rips through his aching throat. Touch is too much. Too much. The hands fly back and hover in the air in a placating motion. He hugs his sides with his arms, breathing fast. His core panics. Where is the portal? Where is the-

A wash of calm envelops his mind. His core still panics, surging against this mental shift, but the lull is strong. Brain fights core for control.

“ Peace little one. The Flash means you no ill will. We seek to help you,” a voice chimes in his mind. At “The Flash” his core pangs in panic again before the words sink in. Flash? Nononono. No flashing, no lightning! But… help? Yes…. he needs help.

“Good, little one,” the voice speaks out loud this time. The grip over his mind ceases, but the feeling of peace lingers like an aftertaste, thick and syrupy with help . This is another safe? Two more safes? They are different auras than the last one. The one that carried him.

“Can you see us kiddo? Do you know who you are?” The other one who must be ‘The Flash’ asks. He needs a better name. That one is bad. Badbadbad.

He focuses on looking around the room, taking in his surroundings for the first time since waking up. His sheets are kicked to one side and he sits on a white hospital-like bed. That beeping was indeed matching his heart rate. Strings and circles connect his heart to a monitor. The humming behind him was an air vent, not a portal. Placing more thought on the matter, they don’t even really sound that similar. A green man in black suit with a blue cape stands overhead. A man in a red suit with lightning bolts on it sits to his side. Distantly, he recognizes that the heart strings and lightning bolts should terrify him. They are terrifying things, but that aftertaste of peace lingers in his teeth and he finds he doesn’t have the energy to be scared any more.

“Kiddo?” The Flash asks and he remembers that he’s been asked a question.

“Wha-?” The boy’s words come out slurred and slow and he stops. Why was he so groggy? The Flash and The green man share a nervous look.

“Here Kid-” The Flash says again, and his form blurs for a moment. Suddenly, he has a water bottle in his hand that he didn't have a second ago. He uncaps the bottle and hands it to the boy.

He takes the offering with both hands and lifts the water bottle to his mouth, drinking greedily. He observes distantly that his hands are very small and pudgy. Just like the paws and the wings didn’t seem right, these hands don’t seem right either. It’s closer, it's more human, but… too small? Was he supposed to be this small? His head hurts again.

REMEMBER REMEMBER REMEMBER screams a chorus in his mind. His head feels like a water balloon about to burst.

“Ma… My… My heath hurks,” Danny supplies weakly, looking at the green man. His words still come out wrong. The green man’s frown deepens.

“Would you mind if I try to help with that, child?” Danny blinks. He doesn’t dare nod or upset his pounding head, but the man seems to understand his mental ‘yes’ even if a verbal one does not follow. A warm aura floods his mind, washing away the demands of ‘REMEMBER’ like water through silt. The demands recede until his mind is a clear brook once more and he sighs with relief, sagging back against the white pillows with a plop. The Flash displays a small, gentle smile.

“Do you remember your name, Kiddo?” The Flash asks again, gently. The boy is annoyed. The “Remember” chorus just stopped. Why does he have to remember anything? 

“Why is it so important? Can’t Kiddo just be my name?” He grumbles, frowning deeply which seems to set off a concerned glance in the Flash and an amused one in the green man. Another person behind them on the other side of the room out of Danny’s line of sight snickers.

“I am Martian Manhunter, and my friend is the Flash. We are superheroes with the Justice League and we simply wish to help you. You are safe, my small friend,” the green man- Martian Manhunter- supplies. Danny feels guilty for his grumpiness. This man is just trying to help him. It isn’t his fault he aches, or is too tiny, or too memory-missing. Wait. Danny? Yes, the boy is sure that is his name!

“Hi,” Danny shares shyly, abandoning his grumpiness in an embarrassed smile, “I’m Danny.”

“Excellent Danny, it is nice to meet you. May my friend look over you for injuries?” Martian Manhunter asks, motioning behind him to a doctor dressed casually in a blue sweater and light slacks. Danny takes notice of the doctor for the first time, as well as several other superheroes (he presumes they’re all superheroes, they’re all dressed similarly) behind Martian Manhunter and The Flash. His embarrassment for his earlier grumpiness deepens as he realizes he had quite an audience for his pout. His cheeks and ears tint a deep red and he hides his head down into his shirt like a turtle, nodding. One of the heroes behind the doctor fails to stifle an amused chuckle. Another elbows her in the ribs sharply.

The doctor approaches and completes a bare bones exam, checking his eyes, tongue, hands and feet. Danny feels a large sense of unease at the poking and prodding, but that aftertaste of peace still lingers in his teeth and Martian Manhunter doesn’t break eye contact with him through the hold proceeding. Is he doing something to cause the peace in his mind? Danny is grateful if that is so. But when the needle comes out to take his blood, Danny cannot let the peace wash away his panic. He begins to cry, fat droplets streaming down his cheeks. The Doctor- Leslie says a name plaque on her sweater- stops, lowering the needle.

But it is too late, Danny is panicking now. They were dangers- takers not safes. He had to have been mistaken. Their auras are still friendly but Danny cannot trust it. But wait, he can reach all their auras now. Getting rest must have improved his reach. He reaches out with his core again, feeling for the auras of all his audience. 

THE SAFE! 

The same safe that carried him against his chest before. Danny scrambles out of the bed, away from the monitors. The circles and strings pop off of his chest underneath his shirt and the heart monitor beeps angrily for a few seconds until the Doctor moves to unplug the screen. Danny scrambles with difficulty on unstable legs to the familiar safe and buries his face in his knees, crying harder. The safe stiffens slightly beneath him before relaxing.

Danny feels hands under his armpits, and suddenly he is lifted to the safe’s chest. He buries his face in the familiar hard surface, the kevlar of his hero costume. A blue bird is painted across it.

“Hey, Danny,” The safe says gently, “I’m Nightwing, it’s alright.” Dr. Thompkins doesn’t want to hurt you, she just wants to make sure you’re okay. Could she do the poke real quick if I hold your hand?” Nightwing’s words soothe the panic that Martian Manhunter’s help could not and Danny nods, burying himself deeper into Nightwing’s chest. Danny feels Nightwing’s aura flare in surprise. What? What happened? 

Then, he realizes that he had slipped intangibly and partially embedded himself into Nightwing. Oops. Embarrassed yet again, he pulls himself back out, blinking down at the floor.

“Sorry,” Danny mumbles, his cheeks and ears burning bright. He pulls his shirt over his head again, turtling once more. Nightwing’s aura laughs, a bright and sparkly sound. Wait, that was his aura, but also his voice. His laugh was audible. Danny has a hard time distinguishing the two. They sync just like his heart rate had with the monitor.

“It’s okay little Turtle Danny,” Nightwing jokes with a chuckle. While he speaks, he carries him back to the bed, depositing himself onto the sheets with Danny still held in his arms.

“Is it alright if I poke you really quick Danny? I promise this will help and it will only take a moment,” The Doctor asks. Danny sniffles and clears away the tears on his face with the back of his hand as best he can. He nods solemnly. One of the other heroes- one with a gray suit and a black bat across the chest steps forward and hands Nightwing a tissue. Nightwing wipes at Danny’s nose and eyes with it, cleaning what Danny missed with his little pudgy hand. Dr. Leslie gently takes one of Danny’s wrists, turning it out and exposing the crook of his arm. Danny watches intently as she inserts the needle into his arm, drawing blood. The air in the room tenses, but the heroes catch themselves and don’t react to the viscous green blood that comes with the draw of the needle. 

“There we go, right as rain. Was that so bad?” Danny shakes his head, but he remains very tense in Nightwing’s lap. Dr. Leslie bandages his arm with a bandaid with little sharks on it. The tension of the room recedes, as does the aftertaste of peace in his teeth. Danny remembers that he is sitting in Nightwing’s lap and he blushes again deeply. What is with things today? Was he going to be a tomato face the rest of his life? Danny hates that he’s embarrassed but he isn’t used to sitting on people's laps. Not anymore? He can’t access his foggy memories but he thinks he’s too old for that? But that's not right, he’s just a little kid? Danny crawls off of Nightwing and onto the bed, watching his small pudgy arms curiously as he does so. Nightwing seems disappointed? Danny almost regrets leaving, but it’s too late to change his mind. Would it be weird for him to crawl back in Nightwing’s lap? Ugh he doesn’t know and he doesn’t like not knowing. Tears well in his eyes again in his confusion. Why are all his emotions just so big today?

“Danny,” the gray bat says, “I’m going to ask you some questions but it is alright if you don’t remember. Don’t be sad if you cannot answer, but if you can share with us what happened, we will be able to help and protect you.”

Protect??? Yes yes yes. His core thrums readily, almost greedily. Danny wants to help them protect.

“Do you know how old you are?”

“Ninetee- wait…” That can’t be right. Danny holds out small stubby fingers in front of him, counting, “Five… I think,” he corrects, holding out his hands with three fingers on one hand and one on the other. Oops, that’s only four fingers. He belatedly sticks out a second finger on the other hand. The batguy doesn’t seem amused, only cool and indifferent, but a purple hero behind him snickers. It’s the same one who laughed at him earlier.

“He’s just so cuuute,” she whines. Another hero beside her seems to be elbowing her to shut up. He’s significantly shorter, maybe 10 or 11 years old? He is dressed in red with green.

“Shut it Spoiler,” The younger one scolds.

“Do you know who your parents are?” The batguy asks. Danny screws his lips in concentration, pulling his legs crissed-cross-applesauce. He frowns. The names come to him but he can’t remember their faces or anything about them

“The Fentons.” This answer seems to surprise the heroes. Clearly this was the wrong answer? Still, some of them seem relieved? Especially one with ‘S’ insignia on his chest. His aura basically cries with relief. One of the younger heroes holds a tablet, tapping while typing at it.

“Where are you from?” Batguy asks.

Danny fidgets uncomfortably in place. He wants to answer their questions but he also wants to sit back on Nightwing’s lap? But it’s so awkward and he just can’t-

Nightwing scoops him back up and into his lap. Danny stares at him, jaw dropped in surprise. 

“Can you read my brain?” He asks in awe. 

Nightwing chuckles softly. “Martian Manhunter can and he let me know what you wanted. Is that okay?” Danny, still embarrassed at wanting to be held but powering through it, nods stiffly with a sniff. 

“AWE! He’s so shy!”

“I swear to god spoiler if you interrupt one more time-”

“Swearing? Wow Damian I thought swearing was, and I quote, ‘beneath you’,” the hero named Spoiler taunts. 

“Codenames!?” He throws his hands up, exasperated. Batguy throws them a glare and they both shut up. Danny focuses on the question he was asked, proud of himself for remembering it. 

“‘M from… Longnow?” The hero continues tapping on the tablet. Danny remembers the ticking from his dream and the ancient voice that changed from old to young. That’s where he was last that he can remember. Why was he in Longnow? Does that make him from there? And who was that ghost he was with? Was it a ghost he was with? But he has been a fox, not a boy. 

“I’m not a fox.”

“No, you’re not. You’re a kid,” The Flash comments. Danny startles a little bit. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud. Oops. Not that it’s bad for them to know: he isn’t a fox after all. But it was a bit of a silly obvious sort of statement and he doesn’t want to bore all these people. It’s kinda a big audience. He fidgets under their collective gaze.

“But I was one… no not a fox. A Uilnow. Yeah I was a Uilnow!” Danny slaps distractedly at Nightwing’s chest, excited to remember the word. Frostbite would be so proud of him. Who was Frostbite?

“What is an Uilnow Danny?” Batguy asks. 

“What’s Frostbite?”

“What?”

“What?” Oh, they had asked a question. Oops. Without waiting for them to answer his questions about Frostbite, he answers.

“Oh, well Uilnow are children in the infinite realms. Though they’re patitially… papticarly… pathitally…” 

“Particularly?” Nightwing offers. 

“Yeah popsicularly special to the Far Frozen.” Danny finishes confidently, chest puffing in pride at being able to answer the question so well. He was helping the batguy protect! Spoiler and the red and green guy seem hairs away from a physical brawl as Spoiler smiles madly, cooing over Danny’s struggle to pronounce words. The younger red and green hero looks ready to strangle her. Another hero, also in red but with yellow instead of green, restrains the smaller one from murdering Spoiler. Oh, it’s the same guy that’s been tapping on his tablet. Danny decides to ignore them. It’s easier than acknowledging all that attention.

“Superboy, would you mind contacting Constantine? It sounds like he may be able to help us connect some dots,” batguy asks, turning to the hero with the ‘S’ insignia. Seriously, how many heroes were there? And they were calling another? It seemed like a lot. For some reason, Danny’s foggy memory can only remember there ever being one hero where he was from. Maybe two if you counted the Red Huntress, and he couldn’t quite remember if she was a good or bad guy? He was just having such a hard time remembering. Even with the ‘remember’ chorus quieted down in his head, no longer beating down the doors to his memory, it was frustrating to not know things. 

Multiple heroes chatter to the side and suddenly all the noise and people are a bit overwhelming. Danny squirms a little, even in the comfort of Nightwing’s gentle embrace. Just like that, the three younger heroes who were bickering stop and make their way out towards an elevator. Woah, had Martian Manhunter read his mind again that he wanted them to leave? Danny looked to Martian Manhunter who was still intently staring at him. He gave a small smile and a gentle nod. Danny was in awe. So cool!

Martian Manhunter’s smile deepened. 

“Well with that taken care of for now, why don’t we get you set up with The Flash here?” Nightwing asks down at Danny gently, “He has a lovely home and a fun nephew who will play with you after we get you some rest and clean you up.” 

“NO!” The remaining heroes in the room startle, confused. Martian Manhunter’s eyes narrow, as if concentrating to try and read Danny’s mind. Sorry green guy, but he wasn’t in a sharing mood right now. Nope! Danny slams a green wall up around his mind and Martian Manhunter blinks stepping back, jaw agape in surprise. He shares a look with batguy who also seems surprised. 

Danny looks sideways to the Flash, who almost looks… hurt? His core surges. Oh no, he didn’t mean to hurt his feelings. Is there a way to protect the Flash from feeling sad?

“Oh I’m- I’m sorry… Flash. Don’t be sad! I just…. I just…I don’t like lightning…” Danny trails off, sniffing and fighting hard to keep burgeoning tears at bay. His hand with the scar twitches and he brings it to the side of his face, absentmindedly tracing the scar there too in self-conscious habit. The Flash still looks hurt, but Nightwing picks Danny up again, turning him to straddle his thighs, facing towards him.

“Hey, that’s okay little bird.” Nightwing says, a sympathetic raise to his eyebrows. Danny’s nose crinkles slightly at the nickname. He was a Uilnow, not a bird. Although he supposes when he was an Uilnow he did have big feathery wings, so he was part bird? But he wasn’t now, but they knew he had been? He decides it’s alright to be called a bird. It isn’t entirely false after all. He listens as Nightwing pauses, a silence hung over the room after Danny’s statement.

“Would you like to come home with me instead? My place isn’t necessarily childproof but I can make some changes…”

“You’re both welcome to come with me,” batguy offers, a small smile on his face. It’s the first smile Danny’s seen from the man, so that must be good. His core reaches out to meet his aura which is faint and slight, reserved but warm and welcoming. It’s a nice change from Danny’s overwhelmed senses and feels like a comfort. It would be good if he went with them. He nods furiously. 

Nightwing rises from the bed, Danny still in his arms. Danny marvels at how small he is, looking down at the floor from his perch. He seems so high up. His grip on Nightwing’s arm tightens a little and at the gesture, Nightwing holds him a bit closer.

“Don’t worry little wing, you won’t fall.” What was it with this guy and all the nicknames?

As the group of heroes disbands, chattering away about plans and missions, Danny’s eyes grow heavy and his mind grows thick with sleepiness. He’s distantly aware of their conversation but can’t listen over the feeling of bone tiredness. Danny reaches his core out to Nightwing’s aura. It’s awash with love and protectiveness. Protect. Yes, that’s good. For the first time in he can’t remember how long, Danny willingly drifts to sleep, content and dare he think: happy in the comfort of so many safes.
Notes:

    Hello my Sweet Finches! Questions? Theories as to how Danny got to Gotham? Lay em on me- I plan to respond to all my comments. Kudos and Subscribes are always appreciated. I live for the comments. <3

Chapter 5: French Toast Danny
Summary:

    Danny is resourceful. Danny knows how to make french toast... right? Danny and Dick POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 5: French Toast Danny

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny awakens in a giant bed, tangled in sheets and a comforter. They feel heavy on his little legs and being groggy, he opts to phase through them rather than kick them off. He supposes that at some point in the night, Nightwing must have taken him to batguy’s house like they’d talked about and put him in the bed. He blinks up at the room, taking in the big mahogany paneled walls, the four poster bed, and the long deep red curtains at the window. The sky outside is dark. Ooh that means stars! Danny floats to the window, feeling the use of his powers in a small part of his core. That’s weird- he doesn’t usually feel anything when he flies. Still, it doesn’t hurt- just a tingly sensation. He finds himself frowning deeply when he makes it to the window and there aren’t any stars outside. What? That can’t be right.

Danny floats up through the ceiling, phasing through intangibly until he reaches the roof. His heart sinks when yet again, he cannot see the stars. A thick fog seems to cloud the sky, diminishing the view. He sighs sadly. A growl. Oh, is that his stomach? He’s very hungry. Danny sinks down through the roof and reaches his core out in search for auras. Darnit. The two he can reach are asleep. One is his safe! The other is Batguy in another room a bit further down the hall on the end. Danny doesn’t want to bother anyone, so he searches for a kitchen himself.

At some point, that tingling in his core grows stronger. It isn’t painful, but it’s uncomfortable. Still, he’s so tired and his legs still feel heavy. He can’t fathom walking, so he floats in his search, bobbing lazily along the thickly carpeted halls. Low dim lights glow on the walls, lighting up as he passes and turning off as he leaves. They must be motion sensored. Yawning loudly, he finally arrives at what appears to be a kitchen. He opens a few pantry doors and after checking through a few yielding pots and pans, he finds one with food in it.

The first bag he pulls out is white and puffy, heavy and powdery. He scrutinizes the label but for some reason, he can’t make out the writing. Is it written in another language? No, he distinctly is sure that it’s english. But he can’t make out the letters. Does he not know how to read? Danny tries to ignore that distressing notion and unclips the bag, unfurling the opening. White airy dust lies inside. It smells like food!

Danny sticks a pudgy hand inside, pulling out a fistful of the soft stuff and brings a handful to his mouth. Ptech! He coughs and sputters and a cloud of white smoke puffs into the air from his mouth, which is now bone dry and sticky. Ew! Okay maybe not food. He gently shoves the bag aside. But he isn’t as gentle as he means to be and he accidentally topples the bag over. Oops. Danny turns back to the pantry, searching for better food.

The next bag’s contents are grainier like sand, all brown and crystally. The granules sparkle a little in his hand, mesmerizing. He takes another little grubby fistful. This one is better, it’s sweet and sugary. Is it sugar? Maybe brown sugar? He can’t read this label either but he’s pretty sure it's brown sugar. He takes a few small fistfulls of the stuff, enjoying the gritty texture against his tongue as it melts in his mouth. Satisfied, he grapples with the clip, trying to close the bag again. The clip slips in his hand, smacking open and flinging into the already toppled flour bag. Oops again. Danny turns to pick it up, but in doing so, spills the brown sugar bag in his lap. Butterbiscuits. Why is he so small and clumsy!



~~

Dick

~~

 

Dick Grayson wakes with the distinct feeling that a certain tiny guest isn’t asleep where he left him. Call it a hunch, but when he checks on the guest bedroom next door donning a robe and house slippers, Danny isn’t there. Dick sighs. It is 3:38 in the morning and after the mission last night, he didn’t get to bed until late. He calmly walks the halls of the manor, keeping an eye out for the boy. He was so exhausted and had been through quite an ordeal- surely the boy wasn’t getting into too much trouble. As his brain catches up with wakefulness, he begins to grow concerned. Did he run away? But there were alarms on the exterior doors of the manor. Bruce rigged it last night so they’d be alerted if the boy tried to leave. They needed to keep an eye on him for his own safety, if anything else. For once, they’d all agreed with Batman’s contingency/paranoid mentality. This was such a young child and he could really hurt himself. Especially since they didn’t know the scope of his meta abilities yet. Or abilities? They actually weren’t sure if he was a meta at all, though he could definitely phase and shapeshift.

When they’d arrived back at the cave, the kid was utterly and entirely passed out. They had called in Leslie to examine him for injury. She hadn’t been a huge fan of examining a traumatized child without his consent since he was stable and it wasn’t an emergency, but it was important. Especially if the child would be terrified of any form of medical exam while awake, it was a golden opportunity to check him out while asleep to prevent him from being scared. But partway through the exam, he had stirred and they’d all stepped back. The worst would have been for him to wake up with them all looking over him with a stethoscope or other exam tools. He’d had enough of that back at Cadmus. They’d been able to get a partial exam done though, enough that Dr. Leslie was satisfied in his general health and wellbeing, as well as his human status. He wasn’t an alien as far as she could tell. It was more likely he was meta or magical.

To Dick’s surprise, Leslie had informed them that the child was closer in age to 5 or 6, but stunted in his growth. After he’d awoken and Martian Manhunter had examined his mind, he’d agreed. Something about Danny’s mind was static and it had been difficult for Martian Manhunter to read him clearly. And then more shockingly, he’d thrown up a mental defense later in the interaction, which most strong willed adults couldn’t even do.

And then the blood test came back weirdly inconclusive. They’d been expecting a spliced clone, but didn’t find any leaguer blood in him. His DNA was human but laced with something else. They hadn’t found the meta gene, but his alleles seemed to shift and restructure as they were observing the sample, so having the meta gene wasn’t entirely out of the question. Nor was having leaguer dna, Dick supposed. With the changing nature of the sample, it would be near impossible to be able to tell.

Dick finally found Danny in the kitchen. Alfred stood in crisp striped pajamas and a long plush night robe looking down at the floor with an amused expression. Dick rounded the corner of the counter and cracked a smile of his own at the sight. There sat Danny on the floor, absolutely covered in flour and brown sugar, half of both bags strewn across the floor. Several eggs were cracked and splattered against the stovetop next to a pan which sat on an unactivated stovetop (thank goodness Danny hadn’t figured out how to turn the stove on, or perhaps hadn’t gotten to it yet). Danny had a hand towel in his hands and seemed to have been trying to clean it up, but only managed to spread the mess across the kitchen tile further. The flour and sugar was all over his hands and near his mouth. He’d clearly been trying to eat it. Dick’s heart panged in his chest. Poor little guy was hungry. They’d not fed him last night- he’d fallen fast asleep in Dick’s arms before they’d had the chance to offer him anything and he hadn’t had the heart to wake him. 

The original plan was to give him a bath and a meal and send him to bed but he’d clearly been too exhausted for the former two. It hadn’t seemed as pressing as letting him rest. Dr. Leslie had said he was in good shape for what she could tell of the brief exam they’d managed. They’d have to complete a more thorough exam soon, but they’d ruled out any emergent conditions. Still, there was a lot that was concerning. Danny’s stunted growth was chief amongst it. The other thing of note had been that his legs seemed to have slower responses to Dr. Leslie’s tests. She warned that it was more than likely he may not be able to walk very well or at all at first. It was the main reason the team had decided to send Danny home with the Flash. Barry’s wife Iris was a physical therapist and she’d be able to help immensely with his progress in their home. That, and Barry was known for being so good with kids- he had so many nieces and nephews and baby cousins around his house all the time.

When Danny had hopped off the bed and scrambled to Dick’s knees last night, it seemed to confirm the hypothesis. His gait had been tripping and crawling, uneven and hobbled. It didn’t seem like he could walk very well. Dick was surprised Danny had somehow made it all the way to the kitchen.

“Oh Danny, are you hungry?” Danny nods blearily, rubbing a hand lazily over his eyes and leaving a big white smudge. A bit of egg white striped his cheek near one corner of his mouth. The white hair at the nape of his neck cowlicked heavily out to the side, sticking out and up. Dang the kid is cute!

“I was just introducing myself to our young guest, Master Dick. He seems to have been trying to make a feast of things. I will clean up and make us an early morning meal. Perhaps you can help our young fellow clean himself up while I make work of it?” Alfred suggested helpfully. Danny looked up between them.

“I think that’s a great idea Alfred, thank you. Sorry for the hour,” Nightwing rubbed a hand on the back of his neck, stretching a muscle there.

“Think nothing of it, Master Dick. I was to be up momentarily anyhow. Master Damian keeps a very early schedule.”

Shortly, Dick had an egged, floured, and sugared Danny in the bathroom adjoining his guest bedroom. A veritable french toast child. 

“You’re toast, Danny,” Dick jokes, laughing.

“Oh yeah, you and what toaster!”

“What?” Dick sputters in surprise. That didn’t make any sense.

“What?” Danny seems almost as surprised as Dick. Peculiar kid. Dick shakes his head, disregarding the weirdness.

Danny had seemed to have trouble taking his t-shirt off on his own, so he helped lift the shirt over his head. Dick frowns. Sure, Danny was just a little kid, but most children his age shouldn’t have trouble with that kind of dexterity. Had Leslie said anything about partial paralysis in his arms too? Dick can’t remember. Still, Danny seems pretty out of it. Maybe he is just that tired. Dick would have let him try to clean up on his own, but they know so little about the kid. What if he drowns himself falling asleep in the tub? Especially if he has partial paralysis? They really needed to finish that medical exam. Dick fills the tub with lukewarm water and helps the small child shrug out of the clothes they’d given him.

Dick’s frown deeps. Danny has a large semi-fresh but mostly healed scar stretching from under one armpit and down his side, stopping at his hip. It is straight and surgical, but that wasn’t the location for an incision of any typical surgery Dick could think of. On the opposite side, the lichtenberg scar starts in a barbed circle on his palm and splits at the shoulder, snaking upwards to the side of his face and down the side of his leg to the top of one foot. He has other older scars here and there, heavily faded but still present. Some appear to be from cuts and scrapes but some are in the faint shape of a blast or look like a faded burn scars. His fingers and toes fade in an ombre from his light skin tone to an inky black at the tips. Was that why he’d asked about frostbite last night? But he didn’t have any clinical signs of it besides perhaps a slightly lower than normal body temperature. What had this kid gone through?

Dick gently massages shampoo through Danny’s hair, working out the grime and the minor mats in his fingers. Danny, utterly and goofily sleepy, leans into the touch. A pleased hum resonates from him, deep and vibrating. Dick smiles. Little Bird was cute. Dick can’t help but remember the way he’d been ducking his head into his shirt like a little turtle when he was embarrassed. A little turtle. A little turtledove. Ooh I’ll have to save that one for later , Dick muses, smiling.

The tips of Danny’s ears point gently and slightly, and his teeth are ever so slightly tipped. Like a baby vampire. What is he? The more Dick discovers, the more he feels their hypotheses of clone or meta can’t be right. They really need to get a hold of Constantine, but he is on some trans-dimensional magic mission and the bastard was notoriously hard to track down.

He finishes cleaning Danny up and stuffs him into another small t-shirt and soft pair of drawstring pants. They’d have to get him more clothes as well to use while they searched for his family. Knowing B, he’d probably already ordered an entire wardrobe full just in case. But Dick felt like he wanted to take care of it himself. He’d have to ask later if Bruce had ordered anything, and order things himself if he hadn’t. 

By this point, Danny seems more awake and he starts peppering Dick with questions as they make their way back to the kitchen. Dick had been worried Danny would have a hard time walking, but he seems to be doing a fine job of it, even if his gait is a little stilted. Dick holds his hand to steady him should he fall. They walk slowly, but Danny does walk. In between Danny’s questions, Dick finds himself measuring the distance and timing between Danny’s steps, observing his center of gravity and sureness of foot. These are all things his life as an acrobat (and vigilante) have trained him to value and perfect to hone balance and skill. He mentally notes to remember his observations and send them Iris’ way once they get the boy set up with her for physical therapy.

“Is this batguy’s house?”

“His name is Batman, and yes, this is his home.”

“Do you live here too-oo!?” Danny stumbles forward a bit, his foot seemingly missing the floor, but Dick’s hand in his holds him upright, allowing him to steady himself instead of tripping to the floor. Dick frowns. Did his foot… phase through the floor? He can’t forget last night when the child had partially embedded himself into his chest. The sensation had been frigidly cold like being shot by a Mr. Freeze ray. It didn’t seem like Danny had complete control over his powers.

“I used to. This is where I grew up,” Dick answers, without having missed a beat over the trip. He doesn’t want Danny to feel self conscious. The little turtledove seems awfully prone to blushing and embarrassment and while cute as heck, it can’t be fun to be embarrassed all the time like that. Dick remembers when Tim first came to them. He’d been like that around Jason before his death. Tim had followed him around like a puppy dog- idolized him. And Jason had pranked and embarrassed him relentlessly for it. It was nice to think about Jason freely around someone and not feel the need to hide every micro-facial expression. Since his death and resurrection as the Red Hood, mention of him was taboo and thinking about him around the others even felt that way sometimes. Living with Batman and Red Robin- Greatest Detective and Greatest Detective Junior was often challenging emotionally. They picked up on every twitch of the face.

“Was that your bathroom?” Danny pipes up once more.

“It is right now, yea.”

“Sorry about the sugar.”

“That’s alright little wing.”

“Why do you call me that? I don’t have wings right now?” Danny asks it like a question more than a statement.

“It’s just a term of endearment. I call a lot of my little brothers that too.” At this answer, Danny screws his brows together in accepting concentration. Dick smiles, it is uncannily like the expression Damien makes at begrudging admittance of a truth he wishes to deny.

“Am I your little brother?” Dick pauses, unsure of how to respond. Luckily, Danny pushes past, unperturbed by the lack of an answer.

“I mean, I am a little brother, though I think that’s because I have a big sister, not a big brother.” Interesting. Dick catalogs the information away.

“Ah so you have a big sister? What’s her name?” The initial search Tim did last night regarding the ‘Fentons’ who were supposed to be his parents came up with nothing. They weren’t even sure ‘Fenton’ was a real surname. So where had this kid pulled that from? He had been tripping over his words, maybe he mispronounced what he’d meant to say?

“Hmmm… Don’t remember.” As concerning as the statement and the amnesia was, Danny didn’t seem overly concerned with it. Well, at least he wasn’t panicking any more. It was a start.
Notes:

    Yes I had to include the Toaster quip and it just slipped in naturally while I was writing. It’s one of my favorite lines in Danny Phantom haha. Also, is having more than one POV in each chapter bothering anyone? Feedback is always appreciated. As always Sweet Finches, comment, subscribe, and kudos away! Ask me all your questions, I plan to answer every comment <3

Chapter 6: Breakfast
Summary:

    Danny meets multiple more members of the batfamily in their civilian identities. Danny and Dick POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 6: Breakfast

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

“Hey Mr. Dick, is Mr. Alfred mad at me?” Danny asks as they walk towards the kitchen. When Mr. Alfred had found him earlier, he had given this deep sigh. Danny wasn’t sure what that sigh meant and he couldn’t tell by his aura either. Sometimes emotions were hard to decipher. Was Mr. Alfred hurt? Did he need protecting too? Danny wanted to help. If Mr. Alfred was mad, and he could figure out why, he could put things right and then Mr. Alfred wouldn’t need to feel mad any more.

“What?? No, he’s not mad. You only made a very small mess and Alfie loves kids. Plus, he knew you didn’t mean to make a mess. You were only hungry. Speaking of which-” Dick trails off as he leads Danny by the hand back into the kitchen where Mr. Alfred finishes placing omelets on two plates. Danny is glad they’re almost back. He didn’t fly because Dick was holding his hand and that was nice, but his legs were getting all tingly. He wasn’t sure how much longer he’d be able to keep them going. He’d already stumbled a little and he was trying to hide how many times the soles of his feet had bitten a bit too deeply into the plush carpet of the hallway… until they had been slightly through the floor itself. Luckily his hand had remained tangible in Mr. Dick’s grasp. Mr. Alfred garnishes one omelet heavily with seasoning and leaves one only lightly salted. The lightly salted one is cut up into tiny bits. Danny frowns, he isn’t a baby, he can eat an omelet the normal way!

“Thank you Alfred.” Danny looks up as Dick smiles at the butler as he follows them to the dining room where he already has two place settings made. It’s good timing, his legs are growing so tired he thinks he may puddle to the floor in a heap. He startles himself with the thought and looks down, checking them. Nope- no puddles. Relief. For comfort, he reaches his core out to Mr. Dick’s aura. He is content- tired but well. No fear, no anger. Good. Tired is okay, Danny is tired too. Well, not his brain but his legs at least.

Danny grabs the fork. Mr. Dick corrects him, showing the right way to hold it. Danny frowns. He knew that already, but his fingers don’t seem very cooperative. He moves it back into his fist. It doesn’t matter. 

“Here Danny, this will make it easier,” Mr. Dick persists, moving Danny’s fingers in the right position. Danny grumbles, annoyed. He should be able to eat his eggs as he pleases. He stabs at the pieces of pre-cut omelet on his plate, forking them into his mouth. After a few moments, his grumpiness is forgotten in the content chewing of omelet. His core reaches out to Dick’s aura again, observing a calm sense of pride. Mmm. That’s good. Danny’s core hums softly in approval. Mr. Dick and Mr. Alfred seem to share a bemused glance, but Danny doesn’t care. Grown ups are weird. Dick is eating eggs too, what is so weird about his eggs? Mr. Alfred made them himself. Whatever.

Someone enters while Danny holds his small glass of milk with both hands, working hard to take a sip without spilling.

“Good Morning Timbo.” The teenager levels Mr. Dick a flat stare. He’s got shorter cropped black hair and thin rimmed rectangular glasses. His eyes are a pale blue, paler than Mr. Dick’s tealish ones.

Danny reaches his core out to meet the stranger’s aura. He has to be certain he is a safe like Mr. Dick and Mr. Alfred. He’s surprised when he meets it and it’s the same as the hero from last night with the tablet. His hair had been parted differently and his costume didn’t have glasses. Sneaky! But he can’t hide from Danny, who smiles smugly to himself while chewing his eggs. And what was with all these people with black hair and blue eyes? Were they brothers? But Mr. Dick was so tall and muscley- like the build of an olympic gymnast, and this other guy was lean and short. Mr. Dick was also quite a bit tanner than the tablet guy. Danny supposes it must be a coincidence. After all, he has black hair and blue eyes too and he doesn’t think he has any brothers, so they can’t be related to him. He had asked Mr. Dick earlier if he was his brother and he thinks the answer is no. Dick faintly reminded Danny of someone. Someone in orange? But Danny’s memory is foggy and he can’t be sure. Maybe it was just that they were both big. But was Mr. Dick as big as the orange guy? Or was it just because Danny was so tiny now? Ugh he was getting a headache thinking about all this. He turns his attention back to tablet guy.

The teenager groans at Mr. Dick’s nickname for him (Danny supposes it’s a nickname, though he isn’t sure what Timbo is short for. He’s distinctly certain Timbothy isn’t a real name. But what else could it be for?). Tablet guy is a safe name. It’s accurate at least, even if it isn’t his real one. Maybe tablet guy is his superhero name. It could be!

“You know”, Dick smirks smugly in tablet guy’s direction as tablet guy slumps into his chair with limbs of jelly, “It’s only 4:30. You could go back to bed.”

“Dickie, I’m fine,” Tablet guy retorts with a deep sigh. That was like Mr. Alfred’s sigh from earlier. Gosh all these people and their deep sighs. They’re so dramatic! Danny thinks. Tablet guy holds a thermos in his hands, cupping it like a holy grail. Alfred sets an omelet of his own down in front of him. 

 

~~

Dick

~~

 

Tim neglects to thank Alfred for his eggs and Alfred frowns slightly down upon his charge, though he says nothing. He understands that the lack of etiquette is not purposeful. He will be satisfied if Master Tim eats a good meal. Still, Dick can’t help but notice that Alfred does not supply a cup of coffee with the meal. Tim had to bring his own in a thermos. Ah so they’re in a caffeine war right now. They cycle through those every few weeks, Dick remembers from back when he used to live at the manor. Tim started drinking the stuff way too young, but he’d been so traumatized after the death of his parents when he came to live with the Bats that caffeine prohibition just hadn’t been a priority.

As Danny is finishing up his eggs, Damian strolls into the kitchen, a newspaper in hand and a leash in the other. Attached on the other end is the large black great dane puppy. He sniffs about the floor, the tips of his cropped ears flipping in the air. An eleven year old catching up on business news and daily events would be a foreign sight in any other home, but in the manor, it's a daily occurrence. Tim scowls at his younger brother. They’ve had tiffs about the stupidity of a physical newspaper over a tablet in the past, but Damian claimed the blue light will ruin his perfect eyesight. Tim had told him that’s what contacts were for. Damian had then tried to stab him with a butterknife when he had gone on too long about it.

Alfred sets an egg soufflé in front of Damian, who thanks him curtly. Titus the puppy sniffs into the air at the edge of the table, but Damian gently nudges his muzzle back down and out of the way. Danny glances up between the two. Dick watches intently. He’d had such a bad reaction to The Flash. Sure he technically met Damian and Tim last night, but they’d been in costume. How would he react to them in civvies, as different people?

“Alfred, do you know tablet guy and newspaper guy’s favorite breakfasts? They didn’t even ask what they wanted.” Danny points out.

“Yes, Master Daniel. I know a host of meals all my charges prefer. Master Damian prefers egg soufflé and Master Tim prefers an omelet, as does Master Dick. You may let me know any of your favorites as well as you discover them. I am happy to make them for you.”

Dick smiles at the thought of more breakfasts with Danny here, surprising himself a bit. He’s just a guest until they can track down his parents, he reminds himself sternly. These mysterious ‘Fentons’. It isn’t like he’ll be here long. For as much as they know, Bruce may find the pair today and Danny could be on his way this very night. Bruce was likely in the cave working on it even now while they ate. He’d made it a priority. For once, the rest of the bats let him slave away all night without complaint. Hell, Tim’d probably joined him based on the deep bags under his eyes. This was important. This was for Danny.

Danny shifts uncomfortably in his chair on the cushion that raises him to the proper height of the table. His head ducks slightly.

“Um.. Please don’t call me that. It’s Danny, not Daniel.”

“Of course Master Danny,” Alfred replies easily. The butler may be fussy at times, but he isn’t unwilling to use nicknames. After all, he calls Dick and Tim by their shortened names just as well.

“Um… No Masters either please. Just Danny.” Danny fiddles with his fingers, unwilling to meet Alfred’s eyes. Dick sips his drink, knowing the refusal that will come. Alfred is stuck in his traditions. The puppy strains at the end of his leash until he finds no escape and lies down on the ground by Damian’s chair with a plop. Damian ties the leash around the leg of his chair and gives the dog a treat from his pocket with a ‘Good Titus’. Dick recalls the clinical manner Damian had regarded the animal subjects at the GIW. Hmm. Maybe this puppy would be good for Damian. He’d already given him a name and everything. Dick had not expected Damian to keep the puppy, and had half expected him to just call him ‘dog’.

“Ah, many have tried to break me of tradition Master Danny, but you’ll find I am quite set in my ways!” Alfred’s tone is gentle and teasing, but Danny continues fidgeting uncomfortably. Dick cranes to try and meet Danny’s eyes but he ducks his head further to the side.

“Hey, Danny, is everything okay?” Dick asks. Danny reluctantly turns his head to Dick and nods stiffly. But Dick can see a sheen of wetness cast across his eyes. He is holding back tears. Alfred must see it too.

“It is quite alright…. Danny. It seems it is in my best interest to discover that old dogs can learn new tricks, eh?” Alfred offers, smirking at Danny and then Titus. Danny nods, still frowning but stops fidgeting mostly. He returns to his plate to fork around his remaining eggs.

“Forgive Grayson, Daniel,” Damian interrupts the tense silence and pats the corners of one of his lips with a napkin, “he has failed to introduce us properly. I am Damian Al Ghul Wayne, the only blood son of the Wayne and Al Ghul lines, and the battered sleep deprived one is Timothy Drake.” He indicates Tim with a slight head nod who sips from his thermos. Tim must be really gone this morning. He usually corrects Damian with ‘Timothy Drake Wayne ’. Tim’s always annoyed at Damian’s insistence to forgo the Wayne. Tim is just as much Bruce’s son as Damian, blood or no. Dick agrees with Tim, but Damian still won’t admit it, even though Dick knows deep down Damian believes it to be true. 

Dick scowls at Damian’s snide tone, but can’t help but be touched at his choice of the addition of Wayne to his own name. He’s only been with them for a year since Bruce learned of his existence and being raised by the League of Shadows hadn’t done him any favors in the “good with people” department. It had taken a while to embrace his connection to the family at all. “Blood son” insistence besides, progress was progress. Maybe Damian was improving lately. One day Dick would even have the kid using their first names. Maybe. Hopefully. He was oddly insistent about the whole last name thing. Heck, Dick would even take ‘Richard’ at this point over Grayson if it’d get the kid to lighten up a little. Any progress away from ‘annoying entitled arrogant brat’ was a win in Dick’s eyes.

Dick frowns, having noticed something peculiar about what Danny’d said earlier. Turning to Danny, he asks, “Hey Danny. You called Damian ‘newspaper guy’, which makes sense. But you called Tim ‘tablet guy’. He doesn’t have a tablet with him. Why did you call him that?” All of them look at Tim, still curled around his coffee. By some miracle, he doesn't have his tablet with him yet this morning, perhaps having forgotten it in his sleep deprived state. Tim, having barely been aware of the conversation happening around him, frowns.

“What? Stop staring. Jesus you guys are creepy,” he sips his coffee.

“Well he had one last night,” Danny explains with a shrug. Dick and Damian stiffen. Tim was in Red Robin gear last night. How does he know they’re one in the same?

“That was Red Robin, Danny. He’s a hero. This is Tim,” Dick doesn’t exactly lie, at least not directly. Not that Dick believes Danny wishes them any harm, but knowing their secret identities could make things complicated when he goes back to the Fentons. The more Tim’s tried to look into it, the more it seems like they just don’t exist. Someone trying that hard to hide and with the means to do so from detectives like Bruce and Tim? It’s fishy at the very least. Dicks hopes they’ve erased their trace for a good reason and not something nefarious. For Danny’s sake if nothing else. 

“Well yeah, but they’re the same guy right? They have the same aura.”

Dick shares a look with Damian and Tim, who’s now gathered what’s going on and caught up in the conversation, coffee kicking in. 

“Aura? What do you mean, Danny?” Tim asks, narrowing his eyes suspiciously. Dick gently places a hand on Danny’s shoulder, hoping to emphasize Tim’s words as a curious question rather than a demand for an answer. Dick feels a light electrical buzz at the touch. He’d felt it before when he’d touched Danny. He supposes now that it’s confirmed he wasn’t imagining it at the time. 

“Well, you guys don’t have cores like me, but I guess an aura is like a human core? Just all over,” Danny explains, pointing to his chest when he says ‘core’ and gensuring to Dick’s entire body with palms outstretched when he says ‘all over’. Hmm. So Danny doesn’t view himself as human…

Tim moves to speak, opening his mouth, but Dick cuts him off. 

“What does your core feel like Danny?” Dick asks to guide the conversation in an attempt to protect Danny. He doesn’t want this turning into an interrogation. Danny’s just a fragile little kid! This has Danny pause, seeming to require a lot of focus. He closes his eyes and hums with pressed lips, the tip of his tongue sticking up just a little. Dick feels an increase in the electrical buzz beneath his hand on Danny’s shoulder. It isn’t burning or sizzling, but like the vibration of bees beneath the skin of a hive, lovely and thrumming. It waxes and wanes in feeling, unevenly like a limp. 

“Well,” Danny begins, still with his eyes closed and focused presumedly on the internal hum Dick senses, “usually it just feels all buzzy like a bunch a’ bees. But right now it feels a little, hollow? A little cracked? It doesn’t feel good. I usually don’t feel anything when I fly but when I flew earlier it tickled a little. And now it tickles more. It’s itchy, Mr. Dick.” Danny opens his eyes, brows furrowed in concentration and contemplation. Tim and Damian share a worried glance that Dick can relate with. If Danny has unique anatomy that they knew nothing about and it was injured, what were they to do? They already knew a proper full exam with Leslie was inevitable, but the kid was so triggered by it. And he had such good reason to be. But if he was hurt…

“Wait, Danny- you can fly?” Tim refocuses. Oh that’s right, Tim hadn’t seen Danny’s Uilnow form with the wings. They hadn’t exactly had time to fill out reports in the cave yet. 

“Oh yeah!” Danny’s face breaks into the widest grin. Titus, gathering the excitement coming from Danny, stands, smiling with his tongue lolling out the side of draped lips. Dick half expects Danny to transform back into the small fox-like creature and take off with owl wings, but instead he levitates straight off the chair. He zips soundlessly above the table doing little half-hazard loops and spins. Titus barks excitedly below and Damian focuses on him, correcting him and asking him to sit. After a while, Titus sits. Damian treats him. Dick puzzles in his mind. Huh. He never took Damian for a dog person. It’s still a little weird. Tim smiles, a little in wonder at Danny. His black and white hair billows around his little shoulders in a puddley cloud as if unbound by gravity. Damian scowls.

“Daniel, not above the food,” Damian complains cooly. Danny sputters to a stop, gliding back to Damian’s place, hovering in the air right over his plate to level his eyes. He puffs his cheeks out, eyebrows furrowed.

“Hey, don’t call me Daniel. I’m Dan-ny.” Danny goes to poke Damian’s cheek and Dick stills. Damian does not like being touched. He masterfully evaded many of Dick’s attempts at a hug with a punch to the gut or a disarming kick to the back of the knees. But surely Damian wouldn’t use his assassin’s training on a little kid!? Dick watches in horror, expecting some form of retribution from Damian, but Damian only levels a livid glare back at Danny, who has somehow successfully poked the Robin without being punted into the sun.

Oh yeah, Dick thinks, Damian is smitten with this kid. First puppies, then kids. Damian’s going soft.

“It’s disappointing enough that I don’t have a last name to refer to you by. Daniel is a consolationary prize. It is suitable.”

“It is not. my. name!” Danny stomps his foot in midair, striking nothing but air with his heel. Damien’s glare doesn’t waver. Danny seems annoyed by Damian’s unflappableness. He leans forward and blows a raspberry at Damian’s face, sprinkling spit across his cheekbones. Oh gosh. Dick loses it and bursts out laughing, hands wrapped around his middle. He’ll have to pull the security cameras from the room later and have Barbara make endless copies. It’ll be priceless to replay the look on Damian’s face.

As Damian finally breaks and lunges after the kid, Tim springs up, tackling him to the floor. They wrestle until Damian seemingly collects his calm. Dick maintains a loud laughter the entire time. Tears of amusement dot his lashes. Damian stands but doesn’t apologize. When he’s gotten a moment to compose himself and flick the tears from his eyes, Dick sobers and looks at Danny. He half expects Danny to be afraid of the violent outburst. But when he looks at the boy, he’s lowered himself to the ground, standing on the floor once more. His little hands are in excited fists in front of him like he’s watching WWE and silently miming punches. Dick supposes while he was too busy being entertained by Danny, Danny was being entertained by Timmy and Dames’ antics.

Tim stands and Damian flips Tim over his shoulder, landing him hard on his back into the hardwood floor with a painful thunk. He brushes off imaginary dirt, raising his eyebrows as if to say ‘I can’t believe you made me do that Tim, how uncivilized’. Dick snorts. Damian was really a piece of work.

“Master Damian!” Alfred scolds, re-entering the room with a pitcher of tea, “if you feel so inclined to spar, take it to the training rooms or outside. The dining hall is hardly the place, especially with a guest in company. Or perhaps you could take yourself to the stables where it seems your manners belong.”

“No, Alfred, we’re quite done here. But thank you for your sad attempt at childrearing. Really, that kid should be on a leash,” Damien says, sitting back down, draping his napkin back over his lap. Sure, Danny’s the one who needs to be on a leash, Dick thinks in a scoff.

Just then, Titus barks sharply and loudly, and continues in a barrage, hailing deep barking down upon their ears.

“Titus, cease. Titus!” Damian tries to redirect the puppy, now standing and lunging. The leash grows taunt and he inches the chair across the floor. Damian grabs the undersides of the chair with one hand to steady himself as it jerks to the side. Tim sits up, snickering at the ridiculous display. Dick would have too, but he notices the cause of Titus’ distress faster than his two younger brothers.

“Danny!” Dick stands quickly from his chair, vaulting himself over the table to the other side. Titus is yanking towards Danny, who’s fallen through the floor to his shins and seems stuck. He pulls his legs up, trying to gain purchase, but they just fall back through to the floor. He sinks slowly. Thankfully, when Dick reaches out to grab Danny by the armpits, his torso is tangible. He raises Danny out of the floor and into his arms. His legs flicker in and out of visibility. Dick feels a wash of panic emanating from Danny as he breathes heavily, on the edge of hyperventilation.

“Hey, Hey little wing you’re alright!” Dick allows Danny to situate himself in his arms so that he hugs around Dicks sides with his arms, burrowing his face into Dick’s shoulder as he cries. Dick shifts his grip, holding him up against his chest underneath Danny’s rear and back with both hands, just in case his legs phase again.

“Titus, heel!” Titus is still barking, spit flying from his massive lips, lunging towards Danny. Danny cries harder.

“I’m just gonna-” Dick says, looking at Tim and Damian, who fails to meet his eyes. He’s too focused on trying to reign the dog’s focus. Tim seems to get Dick’s intentions though and nods. Dick spirits Danny off, away from the barking dog.

 
Notes:

    My question for y’all this chapter:
    Which character do you like the best in this Fic so far?
    Who are you excited to see more of?
    How’s the angst to fluff ratio? I feel like I’ve been leaning into the angst but I have future fluff in mind as well.
    Are there any tags you think I'm missing that I need to add to this Fic?
    As always Sweet Finches, I live off the comments, so fire them away <3

Chapter 7: The Doctor, The Physical Therapist, and the Library
Summary:

    Danny gets a checkup and the batfam learns about his core. Danny POV

Notes:

    TW: insinuated molestation. It isn’t something that’s happened in the story or described, but a possibility that characters consider as something that might have happened to Danny. It’s very subtle/not the focus and honestly not even that obvious, but I wanted to give a warning anyway.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 7: The Doctor, The Physical Therapist, and the Library

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

After Danny and Dick spend a couple of minutes calming down in Danny’s room, a massively tall and broad guy comes in, nudging the door open. Danny sniffs, a headache forming behind his eyes. Seriously, what was with all this crying lately?! He doesn’t feel like crying so much is something he’s used to. It’s new, like constant blushing and shirt-turtling. Danny reaches out his core for the man’s aura and relaxes when he realizes it's Batguy- er, Batman Danny recalls. 

“Hey, chum,” he says to Dick. What was with these people and all these stupid weird animal nicknames? Bats, Turtle, birds, and now dead fish? Blech. Dick’s aura flares slightly at the name. Oh he’s annoyed with it too. But his face doesn’t show it.

“Hey Bruce.” Batman’s- Bruce’s aura prickles as well. Why would they use names for each other they don’t like? Danny doesn’t understand it. Just like he doesn’t understand Damian insisting on calling him ‘Daniel’. Only certain people in Danny’s life could call him that.

“What’ve we got going on here? Bruce asks lowly. His voice is deep and gruff and reverberating, but to Danny, the deep vibration only reminds him of his own core. It’s comforting instead of intimidating like he suspects it often is to others. He likes Bruce’s quiet collected way of speaking. It’s so unlike… well he’s not so sure what it’s so opposite to but he likes it. It isn’t spastic or shouty. It doesn’t grate his sensitive ears. Bruce drops to one knee at the edge of the bed, positioning himself next to where Danny sits on Dick’s lap.

“I’m Bruce Wayne. It’s a pleasure to meet you Danny. This is my home. And it can be yours as well for the time being if you wish,” Bruce leans forward and touches a hand through Danny's calf, which shimmers out of visibility as it passes through. Danny’s bone tiredness in his legs is pretty all encompassing at this point. They feel dead and numb. Bruce frowns. He tries to touch Danny’s leg a bit further up. Danny tenses, trying to will solidness into his legs and Bruce hesitates. Danny senses Bruce and Dick’s auras flash with seething anger. Oh no! What did Danny do to make them upset? He tears his eyes from his legs and looks panicked between the two of them, expecting angry expressions. Instead, they share a look with one another and look down at him with the utmost sympathy and sadness. So… not mad at him? Mad for him? Danny doesn’t understand.

“I’m sorry Danny,” Bruce starts, his voice slightly tight, “I didn’t mean to scare you. I won’t hurt you or touch you if you don’t want me to.” Hurt him? Danny is confused. He was only trying to help will some solidness into his thighs. Why did Bruce think that Danny thought that Bruce would hurt him? Seriously, sometimes being able to read auras makes emotions so much harder.

“...I know,” Danny says hesitantly, confused.

“May I check your legs? I want to help protect you.” Ah yes. There it is! The magic word! Danny’s core thrums with the phrase. He nods eagerly. He will help Batman protect!

Bruce moves his hand forward again, attempting to gently touch Danny’s knee. His hand phases through yet again.. Bruce pulls his hand free and then touches his lower thigh, this time meeting solid flesh.

“That’s good chum, we don’t want you disappearing on us all together.”

“I could though,” Danny says casually with a shrug, a statement rather than a question. He knows he can go invisible if he tries.

“That’s helpful, Danny, but let’s not try to do that right now. It doesn’t seem like you’ve got a strong grip on your powers and we don’t want you disappearing and not being able to come back,” Dick tells him.

“Oh, yeah that wouldn’t be good,” Danny agrees.

“Danny,” Bruce stands back up off the bed, “do you remember Dr. Leslie from last night? I would like to have her see you again today if that’s okay. We won’t draw any more blood, but I’d like to see if she can help you.” Danny’s heart and core clench in anxiety. He knows logically that Dr. Leslie isn’t bad- isn’t bad like the lab coats, but he cannot help it. His breath skips for a second.

“No more needles?” Danny asks.

“No more needles,” Dick assures him, hugging him closer and resting his head on Danny’s. Danny considers it for a moment. Dick’s aura is no longer angry, but embracing, new, and protective. Danny leans back against his chest, enjoying the feeling. It’s like clinging on to the chains of a swing while reaching the highest they’ll allow you to fly and believing that the next swing may ring you all the way around in a full circle. And it feels like… home. Danny relaxes, the idea of the doctor’s visit no longer causing him nearly as much anxiety.

“Will all the noisy heroes be there again too? That was…ugh… kinda a lot.” Bruce chuckles in that calming, quiet, subdued way of his.

“No, I think we can manage to leave the peanut gallery out of it. They’ll be at school, anyway,” Dick says. Danny isn’t sure what a peanut gallery is, but he thinks about ‘school’.

“Should I be in school right now?” Danny asks.

“Well, probably, but it’s alright. You’re having a sick day,” Dick admits.

“I’m playing hooky?”

“Not exactly, little wing. You’re not going to get in trouble for it,” Dick assures him again. Dick’s aura is mellow and loving. Danny is pretty sure he gets in trouble when he misses school, but he’ll just have to trust the grown ups on this one.

“Okay,” Danny agrees, referring to seeing Dr. Leslie. She seemed nice and her aura had been safe. It wasn’t her fault that the needle had scared Danny. She’d even asked before she took his blood and no one at the lab had done that. She wasn’t like them. She didn’t wear a lab coat.

“No lab coats,” Danny insists.

“No lab coats,” Dick agrees, softly placing a kiss on the top of his head.

A few hours later, Dick, Bruce, Dr. Leslie, a short lady, and a blonde guy gather in a sitting room. Danny doesn’t check their auras. He’s a little emotionally overwhelmed to begin with without adding on everybody else. And besides, Dick wouldn’t bring anyone here who would hurt him, right?

“It’s nice to see you again Danny,” Dr. Leslie says, setting a bag on the table. She wears a pair of wide, light pink swishy slacks and a black blouse tucked in. She has a thin headband nestled into her heavily layered, shoulder length white hair. She pads over in black ballet flats to where Danny sits on the couch.

“Danny, this is Iris and Barry West,” she introduces the two new people, “Iris is going to help me take a look at your legs in a moment. This little box is going to take a picture of your core, as you call it. Is that alright? It won’t pinch or poke, but it may feel warm for a few seconds.” Dr. Leslie explains calmly. Danny nods. That doesn’t sound so bad. 

Danny looks sideways at Dick, a swallow stuck in his throat. He nods and holds Danny’s hand. Dr. Leslie holds up a small box like a picture frame with various buttons on the sides and has Danny sit straight up. She instructs him to sit still and hold his breath for a few seconds. Easy peasy: he doesn’t need to breathe in the first place. The small box whirrs for about twenty seconds and then Dr. Leslie lowers it from Danny’s chest. She presses a few buttons and sets it down, picking up a tablet. Tapping on the tablet for a few moments, she pulls up a picture, probably one of Danny’s chest.

Bruce looks over her shoulder intently at the picture and they talk amongst themselves a bit in hushed tones. Dick, sitting on the couch next to Danny, produces a KitKat, which Danny unwraps and gobbles down gleefully. The wafer melts on his tongue and he wonders if Dick has any Reese's cups. Danny belatedly remembers those are his favorite. He doesn’t ask, he doesn’t want to impose. He wishes Dick could read his mind like Martian Manhunter. Then he wouldn’t have to ask.

“Danny, would you like to see your core?” Dr. Leslie asks, pulling Danny from his thoughts. Danny nods and Dr. Leslie turns the tablet his way.

Dr. Leslie points at the screen. The tablet displays a picture of Danny’s chest. A shadowy image depicts rib bones and the vague white blurs of various organs. Everything looks normal (or what Danny feels like is probably normal) but for the dense ball of light in the center of his chest, lined up perfectly with his spine. In the black and white picture, it looks a bit like a ball of yarn. Thin lines of white overlap. Several strands are slightly blurred with movement. In the bottom of the orb, a small chunk is hollowed out where the light strings retreat. A concentration of darker shadows collects there like a bruise. Danny can’t tell if it’s the absence of his core like a hole, or a bruise. It kinda looks like someone took an aurora borealis and concentrated it into all one overlapping spot instead of it washing over evenly.

“I don’t quite have a frame of reference for what a ‘core’ should look like, but do you see this here?” It isn’t very symmetrical to the rest of it and it looks like it could be a perforation or a bruise. It is hard to tell with how much light there is. Mr. Grayson mentioned that you could feel your core. Can you tell me what it feels like?” Dr. Leslie asks. Danny dips into himself again, closing his eyes and focusing on the epicenter of his chest. His core thrums low and limping, like there’s something interrupting the vibration and then allowing it to boot back up. It dips and continues, humming and pulsing.

“Yeah, it feels weird.”

“That helps me understand, thank you. I am going to assume that it isn’t supposed to look like that. Tell me Danny, you said you felt your core when you flew? Do you feel your core when you phase as well?” Phase? Oh she means going intangible.

“Do you mean when I go intag- inblacha- intangsti-”

“Intangible?” Dick offers.

“Yeah, intangible. Thank you Dick.”

“No worries, little wing.”

“Yes, that is what I mean,” Dr. Leslie agrees. Danny confirms with a nod, explaining how he flew to the kitchen that morning, and how he did so because his legs were so heavy. How at first it felt tingly, then tickly, then itchy. Then, after he’d been flying in the dining room, it pulsed in his chest like a painful heartbeat, and then he’d sunk through the floor.

“Hmm, well your legs seem solid now. And it’s been a few hours since you’ve used your powers, Danny?” Danny nods in confirmation at Dr. Leslie. “It may be a good idea to not use your powers for the time being Kiddo. Your core is a part of you, it looks like, and like with anything else when you get hurt, it needs to rest. Doctor’s orders!”

“But sometimes my legs don’t work. What do I do then if I can’t fly?” Danny doesn’t like the idea of being stuck in one place too long. Of not being able to get places by himself.

“Someone will be with you that can help. And we’re going to help try to fix that too,” Dick says, putting a comforting hand on Danny’s upper back and rubbing a soft circle. Danny frowns.

“But my legs hurt when I use them.” At this, the new woman, a short black lady with orangish red locs frowns and leans forward. Danny remembers Leslie said her name was Iris.

“How does it hurt when you use them, Danny?” Iris asks. Danny remembers back to when Dick walked him from his bath to the kitchen. He’d kept turning his ankles funny and then slipping into the floor. It was like his muscles didn’t want to work. When he stepped crooked on his ankles on accident, it made his muscles twinge, triggering his feet to fall through the floor till he could catch himself. And sometimes even when he wasn’t walking, his limbs felt a little numb, like they weren’t there at all. It was like his legs and fingers kept falling asleep, but not? And then other times, he was a little too aware of his bones, and moving them sent aches up his body. He explains as much.

“I’m a physical therapist. I think it sounds like a problem I can help you overcome, if you would like. I would very much like to help you, does that sound good?” Danny nods. He likes all these people asking him first before they try something on his body instead of just poking and prodding and taking. It’d be nice to stop tripping over himself all the time, especially if he isn’t going to be able to fly for a bit. As much as he loves Dick carrying him, he can’t do it all the time and everywhere. A weird feeling was setting into his stomach at the thought of not being able to walk. At not being able to walk or fly himself where he wished.

“I have these braces that I’d like you to wear. They should help you from slipping funny on your ankles. We don’t want you to sprain yourself while your muscles are too weak to hold you up,” Iris says, producing a set of little triangular shoe-looking things. They’re plastic and white with black padding on the insides. Danny lets Iris strap them to his feet and he wiggles his toes, which strain a little at the effort. He stands on his feet, letting Dick steady him by holding his hands over his head. He takes a couple of stilted steps- still uneven but steadier. His feet don’t go intangible through the carpet. He smiles up at Iris.

“They’re working!” He says excitedly. He tries to let go of Dick’s hands, but starts to fall forward almost immediately. Iris catches him, laughing gently.

“Hold on there Kiddo, I don’t think you’re quite ready to run off like the Flash yet.” At that, she shoots an amused expression at the blonde guy- at Barry. Hmm. Why mention the Flash? Danny decides to reach his core out for their auras after all and is pleased to find he is right. Barry is the Flash. Then he feels a little guilty- Dr. Leslie just told him not to use his powers. But reading auras doesn’t give him any tingly or itchy feelings in his core, so it can’t be one of the powers she means not to use. Danny wonders if his ice powers are ones he should wait on too. Just to test it, he tries to summon a snowflake on one of his toes.

Ow. Nope. His core jerks in discomfort at even the attempt.

“Danny?” Dick asks quietly. He realizes belatedly that the rest of his body must have shivered with his core’s jerk.

“Oh, sorry. I was trying to test my ice powers to see if they were one of the ones I should wait on using.”

“You have ice powers?” Barry asks, raising an eyebrow.

“Normally, yeah. My core is an ice core.” After a few blinks in the room, Danny realizes none of them know what that means. “Oh, well there are lotsa kinda different cores. Mostly elme- elaman- elmenental-”

“Elemental?” Dick offers.

“Yeh, elephantal, thank you Dick. There are those ones and a bunch of special ones too, but mine’s ice.”

“That would explain why his base body temperature runs low,” Dr. Leslie says, observing something down on her tablet, “How did trying to use your ice powers feel, Danny?” Leslie asks.

“Mm. Not good. Normally it feels nice, though.” Dr. Leslie frowns.

“Best not try that one for a while either, huh?”
“Yeah, best not,” Danny nods.

“Anyway,” Iris interjects “I can give you these as well to use while we strengthen up those legs of yours,” Iris brings out a pair of crutches. They’re really colorful, blocked in navy and orange on one handle, and teal and purple on the other. They have handles partway up and crooks for his forearms at the top. Iris teaches him how to hold them and use them to steady himself to walk. Danny beams with pride. He was doing it! He was walking like normal all on his own. He looks back at Dick and sends his core out to his aura. Dick beams with pride as well. Danny puffs out his chest. He made Dick proud! His core vibrates happily in his chest.

“Does…. Does the kid… purr?” Barry asks with a laugh. Oh. Was that not normal?? OOH! Was that why Dick and Alfred were looking at him funny at breakfast? It wasn’t because of the eggs after all! That made more sense. An uncomfortable amount of attention was on Danny at that moment, and he tucks his head back under his shirt, ears beat red but core still purring.

“It’s okay turtledove,” Dick assures him, pulling his shirt back down over his head, “There’s no need to be embarrassed. It’s cute! You’ll stretch your sweater out.” Danny continues his furious blush and scrambles back up onto the couch besides Dick, trying to hide himself behind him.

“Shy little thing, isn’t he!” Barry croons, crossing the floor to right in front of Danny. He picks Danny up suddenly, swinging him around so he’s on his back, piggy back style. Danny shrieks and Dick stands, but then his shrieks dissolve into giggles. Barry’s aura is bubbly and fizzy like shaken soda and it’s infectious. Danny slaps at Barry’s shoulders, miming wanting to get down, but Barry can tell Danny doesn’t really mean it. He bounces Danny around on his back, taking exaggerated silly steps in the center of the room.

“Shake that shyness out! No shirt turtles in here, kiddo!” Danny laughs madly, kicking his little legs. He chirps like a bird and whistles amongst his laughter. He can’t find it within himself to be embarrassed at the weird inhuman-like sounds of joy that spring forth. Okay maybe The Flash isn’t so bad after all, lightning motif or no. Danny decides going with him last night wouldn’t have been so bad after all. He’s good at being goofy and playing.

Things settle down after a moment and they branch off from there: Iris, Dr. Leslie and Barry stay in the room to talk some more with Dick, and Bruce takes Danny away. He’s reluctant to leave Dick, but Bruce explains that Dick has to work out some scheduley stuff with Iris and Dr. Leslie so they can see Danny again soon.

Bruce tails closely behind Danny while he walks with his new crutches. Bruce is really quiet, but he guides Danny where they’re going, telling him to take a right or a left. Danny’s grateful that Bruce didn’t scoop him up or insist on carrying him. Danny can do this on his own. He is determined. The braces and the crutches help immensely and though his legs still feel awkward to walk on, he does so much more successfully, and without anyone else’s assistance. They walk for what feels like an eternity for Danny until they come upon what must be Bruce’s destination. 

They enter a room with super tall ceilings, lined with shelves and shelves of books. A few great oak tables with reading lights stand in one portion of the room and giant leather couches and embroidered chairs surround a fireplace, crackling softly to the right. Titus sits in front of the fireplace, but bounds over excitedly when he notices them. Bruce steps in front of Danny, making sure the puppy won’t jump on him and accidentally knock him over. He holds the dog’s collar until he calms down and allows him to pull closer. Danny puts a hesitant hand on his furry head, patting his forehead reluctantly. Titus leans into the touch. Danny scratches behind one ear and Titus thumps his back leg repeatedly against the floor. Danny giggles. It reminds him of another puppy he thinks he used to know? That puppy was really really big though. And green, he thinks. Titus takes the liberty of their nearness to plant a sloppy wet kiss on Danny’s cheek.

“Ew!” Danny giggles, madly wiping at his cheek. Bruce smiles his soft, small smile. Alfred enters then.

“There you are Titus. Thank you Master Bruce. Would you like me to take him from you? I was looking for him. I promised Master Damian I would care for him while he was at school.”

“Thank you, Alfred, that would be very helpful. I’m sure Titus means no harm, but he could bowl Danny over by accident.”

“Very well, Master Bruce. Titus, come,” Alfred speaks to the dog. It takes a few more tries before he bounds over to the butler, who tosses him a treat. Armed with the knowledge that Alfred possesses treats, Titus glues his side to Alfred and they walk off to another portion of the manor. Danny waves goodbye at the puppy.

“Danny, do you like books?” Bruce asks. Danny groans.

“I thought I didn’t have to go to school today,” he whines. Books were so boring . He was always falling asleep in them, or losing them, or couldn't focus on them.

“Well chum, this isn’t quite like school. In school you have to read textbooks, but here we could read whatever you want. I can read to you if you’d like,” Bruce’s eyes sparkle a bit when he says that, and Danny can feel his aura flare with hopefulness. This reading thing must be special to Bruce, so Danny agrees. But it won’t be Danny’s fault if he perishes of boredom!

“Okay, but it has to be something with pirates.”

“Pirates?”

“Yeah, one of my friends is a pirate sometimes,” Danny supplies.

“Oh? What’s his name?” Bruce humors.

“Youngblood,” Danny recalls. He can’t exactly picture what he looks like but he remembers Youngblood’s skeleton parrot and remembers a lot of bad Pirate lingo. He explains as much to Bruce. He explains how only kids can see him but assures Bruce that if Youngblood messes with him, Danny would tell him.

“I have just the thing for us then,” Bruce says, stepping to the side to locate a specific book. Bruce settles them upon the leather couch, settling Danny in his giant lap. He’s sturdier than Dick and broader shouldered. Sitting in his lap feels like sitting in a grand chair. Danny leans back against Bruce’s hard chest and abdomen and Bruce wraps his arms around either side of Danny’s shoulders, his biceps cushioning him in an embrace around the book. In his hands, he holds the teal book with gold engravings on the front which depict pirates and a pirate ship.

“Do you know what this says? Are the letters too difficult?” Bruce asks. Danny can tell that the letters are very slanted and curly in their cursive, but he doesn’t think he’d be able to read them regardless.

“I can’t read it,” Danny admits.

“That’s alright, I don’t mind reading it to you. We can help you learn to read later.” Bruce reads the title to him: ‘Treasure Island’.

“This used to be a favorite of Jason’s,” Bruce says fondly, his aura seeping in melancholic nostalgia. Pressed this close against Bruce, his aura feels more distinct and strong. This emotion is like the smell of freshly fallen rain, of crisp clean air and a sun peeking out from dissipating clouds.

“Who’s Jason?” Bruce’s core sparkles a bit coldly, frosty and prickled. It reminds Danny of frozen blades of grass crunching under chilled bare feet.

“Jason was- is… my son. He doesn’t live in the manor any more.” Bruce doesn’t elaborate. Danny doesn’t press, he can tell this makes Bruce really sad. Maybe Danny could live in the manor and then Bruce wouldn’t be so sad? Bruce had said he could stay here if he wanted. Danny allows his core to send out a wave of reassurance like the embrace of a hug. Bruce stiffens beneath and behind him a bit but then relaxes, allowing the sensation to seep into his aura. Danny hums with pride. He’s helping!

“Alright, so ‘The Old Sea-Dog at the Admiral Benbow’,” Bruce begins. Bruce reads to Danny for a while and Danny finds himself actually enjoying the story. Who knew reading could be interesting? Not far in though, Danny finds himself tiring, his eyelids growing heavy. Dangit! Who strapped tiny anvils to his eyelashes?! He tries fighting it, but it doesn't last long. His core purrs contentedly, an internal lullaby. Danny finds himself slumping slightly off to the side, caught by Bruce’s bicep. 

Danny realizes Bruce has stopped reading and he folds the book closed, setting it beside them on the couch. He shifts, adjusting Danny in his lap so his legs drape over Bruce and off to the other side. His back is tilted at Bruce’s Bicep now, his head curling into his chest. His core purrs at the proximity to Bruce’s heartbeat. An aura of nostalgia and love washes over Bruce, which intensifies Danny’s purring. It’s cookies baking in the oven on a lazy Saturday afternoon- of sinking toes into grass warmed by the early summer sun after weeks of chilly spring. Danny’s just barely awake, and the bleary sleepiness is soothing. Danny could stay like this forever. If only Dick were here too. It’s so calm and quiet.

“Hey little wing, was that a lot for you?” Dick asks. Oh! When did Dick join us?? That was like magic. Danny wonders absently in the back of his somnambulant mind.

“Mm,” Danny manages to mumble lazily, nestling closer into Bruce. He just wants to take a little nap. Five more minutes, Mom . He notices that Bruce’s aura has grown sleepy too. Not by his doing though, Bruce is just sleepy of his own accord.

“Yeah, I think you’re out, Turtledove. Want me to just leave you two here then? You look like you need a nap too, grandpa. You were up all night,” Dick chuckles softly. Grandpa? Whose Grandpa was Bruce? Bruce bristles and mumbles grumpily at being called a Grandpa, but Danny can feel in his core that he is elated. Why do these two seem to have such polarizing names for each other that elicit such backwards responses? Their faces and words never seem to match their auras when they’re around each other. Why guard their feelings? Danny just can’t figure it out. Was Bruce happy to be a grandpa or not? Was he Dick’s grandpa? Danny didn’t think he was old enough. Oh, was Bruce Dick’s dad? That would make sense, although Bruce looked more like Damian. Were Dick and Damian brothers after all? Danny pushes aside the notion. Figuring all that out is just not more important than this nap. It can wait till later.

“You can join us,” Bruce offers, patting a spot on the couch next to them. Dick pauses for a moment, hesitating. But then he takes the position, kicking up his feet on a matching ottoman. The fireplace crackles softly in the corner. Bruce shifts as Dick settles in place. They shift Danny so that he still lays across Bruce’s lap, but that his head rests on a pillow in Dick’s lap. An ancient little tuxedo cat joins them, curling up on the couch on the other side of Dick.

Danny and Bruce drift off peacefully in the library. Danny’s pretty sure Dick stays awake. He can feel Dick petting his head softly, carding his fingers lightly through Danny’s fluffy hair. The cat’s purring joins Danny’s own. The two auras and Danny’s core thrum happily, content and peacefully. Peacefully until Danny has a nightmare once more.
Notes:

    So here’s the disability representation angle I wanted to include! I am disabled myself and utilize a service dog for a blood disorder I have. I don’t use braces or crutches (though I do use a cane when I’m having a particularly bad health day), so I hope my descriptions were accurate enough. I’m not a medical professional so I’m probably not entirely accurate. Also I made up the handheld X-Ray device. Don’t ask me how it works. ~fictional science~ haha. Give me some grace <3.

    In this Fic, Dick’s time as Nightwing and working to establish himself as a separate hero are why he and Bruce are a tad stiff around each other. I’m pulling on the lore where Dick just doesn't want to be seen as a sidekick anymore, hence his distancing from Batman a bit in their vigilante work. Dick doesn’t want to be called ‘chum’ any more because he feels it's a bit condescending at his age, and Bruce is just trying to connect with his son like he used to. So a bit of a miscommunication/slight rift between these two that Danny’s just a bit too young to fully grasp at. If that was confusing at all or anyone doesn’t have as much lore knowledge about the DCU I hope that could shed some light on it. Hopefully I conveyed it at least a little clearly. It’s through Danny’s perspective and he isn’t meant to understand the scope of the dynamic so I had to leave it relatively vague.

    Also, sorry if y’all want a schedule for updates. Unfortunately that's just not the way my life works. I just update when I feel I have a bit of a buffer and feel like I don’t want to change anything in the next chapter I’ve got ready to post. But rest assured, This fic is my obsession right now and it’s all I do in my free time so I should be updating frequently.

    Coming up, Danny’s nightmare. Jason Todd. Tim finds a lead on the GIW.
    Predictions? Input? Commentary? Lay it all on me my Sweet Finches! <3

Chapter 8: Flee
Summary:

    Danny has an overwhelming set of nightmares. Danny POV

Notes:

    TW: Gore, Vivisection, Violence

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 8: Flee

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny’s dreams begin peacefully. There is that black void again. The deep clock ticking reverberates around him. But this time, he is a human boy, not an Uilnow. His hair puddles around his shoulders defying gravity. The white section of his hair tickles the nape of his neck. He floats, but not by his own power. Something or someone else keeps him adrift. But no one touches him and he feels utterly alone. He can’t see, but the space feels familiar. Is this Longnow? He tries opening his eyes but his vision is still blacked. That ancient voice starts again, beginning young and transitioning to elderly mid sentence. Last time, Danny was an Uilnow and couldn’t understand English. But this time, Danny is a boy, a human child. The feeling of immense regret and sadness overtakes him again. 

“I’m so sorry Daniel,” The young-old voice says. This is the most desperately, heartbreakingly sad Danny has ever heard this usually stoic voice.

Clockwork ? Danny thinks, unable to verbalize.

“Forgive me,” the voice laments. The air of unchangeable whim hangs thick in the ectoplasm around him. A long spindled hand pushes him through a glowing green portal nestled in a golden frame of a glassy mirror.

The dream shifts. Danny opens his eyes. He breathes but his throat stings. Blinding white lights drown his retinas while he adjusts to his new surroundings. He feels the cool metal bite of a table beneath his mostly naked body. Straps pull down against his wrists, ankles, chest, waist, thighs, and hips. They’re so taunt he can barely even wiggle beneath them. They whir like his parents’ ghost portal and crackle with green light. He recognizes that he’s nineteen again.

His eyes finally adjust and the first thing he sees is the sweep of a small lock of orange hair falling above his eyes from a tiny ponytail. A ponytail secured at the nape of one Madeline Fenton. Her goggles are pulled down over her eyes and she stares down at Danny, positioned over his throat like a vulture.

Danny then recognizes why his throat stings. She is cutting it open with a scalpel.

“No, wait- I’m!” Danny cries. He tries to trigger the transformation. To show them that he’s Danny , but the restraints crackle and pop and the white halo fails to appear.

“Jack, shut it up will you? I’m trying to determine the capacity of its vocal cord tissue for density and matter distribution disruption. That massive energy required for that wail has to come from somewhere.”

“Please,” Danny rasps. Tears blink in his eyes from the pain and the fear. Jack holds an ectoblaster and whirs it to life, pointing it at Danny’s head from behind.

“Stay silent ghost scum, or the Fenton Blaster will destabilize you for good!” Danny clacks his jaw shut, but cannot stop silent sobs from escaping his shaking chest. Danny shakes and quivers while his own mother performs a complete laryngectomy on his very much awake self. Every breath is fiery burning torture. He cannot stop trembling. He could end all of this with a wail. She’s right there- right at the source where it originates and Danny knows the restraints aren’t powerful enough to stop that specific power of his. It would obliterate her. But it’s his mom , Danny’s head pounds with reasoning. He can’t hurt her. He needs to protect her. She is family. How to protect her??? How to-

What seems like hours but could have been days pass by as Danny’s mind short circuits from the emotional dilemma. After Madeline removes his vocal cords, she proceeds to his chest. She carves a ‘y’ shaped incision down his torso. A coroner’s mark. When she peels the skin and muscle away, Danny shakes. When she cracks apart Danny’s sternum and removes his anterior breast plate, his core rages. Exposed and vulnerable, he can no longer fathom protecting his parents. Self preservation wars with his primary obsession of protection, shredding his mind and his soul. It’s like when he killed Vlad. The moment Madeline Fenton touches his core with forceps, attempting to remove it from him, he lets out a wail, seeping with raw emotional devastation. But this wail is just the shadow of one, only the push of air. No power or sound accompanies it, for his voice box is in a dish off to the side.

‘Fascinating, Jack! It tried to wail and can’t without his voice box, even though it's just a conscious manifestation projected around the core. It thinks it can’t wail without the facsimile organ. Are you writing this down? This has interesting implications for the unique anatomy of Phantom specifically.”
“Of course, Maddie! What do you take me for?” Jack says with an enthusiastic and cocky grin, scribbling notes down on a pad. He’s abandoned the Fenton Blaster. After all, Danny can no longer speak and threats aren’t needed anymore to keep him quiet. Tears flow freely from Danny’s eyes. 

He can’t.

He won’t.

He can’t.

He won’t

Why are they?

Why isn’t he?

Why can’t they?

What?

NO .

Madeline manages to pull the core free from his chest, the rip from his body an agonizing blazing heat.

The agonizing blazing heat bleeds into a different nightmare. He is no longer on a table. He is a dragon, giant and gatorlike with bat wings and sharp teeth. Danny looks out at himself through what he knows are monster Vlad’s eyes. Monster Danny watches as dream Danny holds Vlad’s (his, in this dream) core in his hands. As Monster Danny fades and the core erupts into flames, he watches dream Danny’s demise from the outside. His own demise. Screams echo throughout the dreamscape, echoing against his skull and ripping through his heart. He murdered Vlad. He hurt Vlad.

He didn’t.

He couldn’t have?!

Why did he?!
To protect!

But he didn’t protect. He hurt. And he hurts now.

I deserved it. I hurt Vlad. He thinks.

“Danny!” hands grip his tiny shoulders and shake him lightly. He can smell something sharp and bitter under his nose. Taking an enormous gasp like he’s been under water, his eyes fly open and he hyperventilates, running hands to the back of his head and pulling at his hair as hard as he can.

“ Nonononononono, ” He prattles in one breath, rocking in place. His hands fly to his chest, going intangible and reaching for his core. It’s there. It’s there and it’s not on fire. It’s cool and icy, with a bruised cracked chunk near the bottom. He grips it tightly and his whole body jerks violently with the sensation. But it’s there. And he’s still alive. Sorta.

“Danny, stop! You’re hurting yourself!” Hands try to grapple at his forearm to pull Danny out of his own chest but his wrists remain intangible. The hands move further up and find purchase on his bicep and successfully pull Danny’s hands free. He releases his fingertips to prevent them from ripping his own core out. Danny stares down at his hands. They’re small and pudgy and they taper from pale to inky black at the tips. He turns them over. His fingernails are black and shiny, almost like they’re adorned with fingernail polish. Black painted nails? That’s familiar. But not Danny familiar- Sam. Who’s Sam? Sam.

Danny’s breathing evens out thinking about his foggy friend. He feels the weight of something heavy and wet against his legs. He looks down. Titus’ head lies in his lap, his drooly lips spread across his legs. Danny looks into Titus’ deep brown eyes, settling in the earthy calmness of them. So much like Tucker’s eyes. Who’s Tucker? Danny hiccups a cry, wiping at his running nose and leaking eyes. Someone hands him a tissue which he wipes across his face lazily, managing to do almost nothing with it. The same someone takes another tissue and wipes Danny’s face clean for him. They hold the tissue beneath his nostrils and tell him to blow. He complies. Danny runs his sticky fingers over Titus’s forehead, who leans into the touch.

“Breathe Danny. Slower, Bigger,” Dick instructs. Oh, that’s who’d given him the tissue. Danny listens, taking bigger and shakier breaths, slowing his inhale and exhale. His brain pounds between his eyes in a dehydrated headache already. Dick hands him a small glass of water. Danny drinks greedily, accidentally spilling some of it down his chin and onto his shirt. Titus doesn’t mind, simply licking his chops, and then licking Danny’s face. It grounds him a bit.

“Danny, that was-” Bruce begins, but Danny doesn’t want to hear it. He doesn’t want to think about what he saw. He’s pretty sure the stuff with his parents was just a nightmare forged from old fears, not from actual memory, but it’s too raw to him. He doesn’t want to think about it. Doesn’t want to feel it. Doesn't want to see it. Danny scrambles off of the couch without his crutches and falls to the floor. Dick moves to grab him, but nope. He doesn’t want to touch right now. He falls through the floor with intangibility and through the air until he lands with a crash on a marbled floor. He’s in the foyer of the manor, right in front of the front door.

Danny lets white rings wash over him, transforming him into an Uilnow. And he flees the manor, no destination in sight, an alarm blaring from behind him.
Notes:

    Okay I know this one is short but it’s so angsty and packs a punch. Tonally I wanted to end it here. Cliffhanger, I know! BUT the next chapter is really long to make up for it and has a ton of fluff. To reiterate, the stuff with Danny’s parents didn’t actually happen to him, which he recognizes when he wakes up. He figures it's a nightmare forged from fears he’s had ever since he became half ghost. They’ve only heightened in intensity after witnessing what the GIW did to Vlad.
    Also, I just realized I never clarified how ‘Uilnow’ is pronounced. Oops. I have been pronouncing it ‘Ool-Now’ in my mind, but go with whatever your heart desires.
    Also, y'all are always welcome to call me out on any typos you find. I don't have anyone else editing this but me so if I slip, lmk and I'll edit them out if y'all want.
    As always, please comment! I adore replying to them and hearing your thoughts my Sweet Finches<3

Chapter 9: Wander Gotham Alone
Summary:

    Having fled the manor post panic attack, Danny flies through Gotham to calm himself down. He gets into a bit of trouble and a new vigilante he hasn't met before comes to his aid. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 9: Wander Gotham Alone

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny wanders Gotham alone. The city grows dark, and his light blue fur glows, flickering in the dank air. It has been raining, and he is wet. He doesn’t risk going intangible and damaging his hurt core. So he stalks the streets and alleyways of Gotham, soaked to the bone. He shivers. The ambient ectoplasm in Amity park had been such that when in phantom form, Danny never felt at peril of running low. The ambient ectoplasm in Gotham: notsomuch.

There should be precious little ambient ectoplasm, as there was no Fenton ghost portal and very few natural portals from what Danny could sense. But Gotham was a city shrouded thickly in death, and that helped. As he wandered, he could feel the hunger and weakness that came with low ectoplasmic stock. It was a bit like anemia. This was foolish. He should have stayed a boy. This form could not sustain him for long. Stubbornly spreading owlish wings, Danny soars into the air rather than float with ghost powers. 

It was so nice to fly. The feeling of air on his snout and wind ruffing his ears is decadent. He glides past a few buildings, peace filling his heart and happiness spreading across his core. If only he can stay in this form a bit longer and enjoy this sensation a bit more. But he is growing weary and his core has begun to tingle. He will have to change back soon. Still, he will enjoy what he can. He was frustrated with his stupid human legs and their not-workingness. The braces and the crutches will help, and Iris will help him, but he wants to be back to normal now . Flying above the skyscrapers helped. Who needs legs when you can soar?

Danny flies wistfully and aimlessly, just enjoying the feeling of flight in his feathers. He lets his puffy tail flip loosely behind him, free and soft and pretty like a little flag whipping in the wind. It is fun to have a tail. To have wings. Even if he could fly before, it isn’t the same as feeling the wing beats in his muscles and bones. There is something cathartic about the motion. Danny finds himself taking great relief in the lack of pain in his throat and chest. His dream had only been a dream, and now he was certain that has never happened to him. His parents would never do that. Right? He couldn’t remember anything about them now, but it just did not feel right. But then why was he afraid they would? 

To cement his relief and confirmation that it wasn’t real, he sings to himself and feels his non-sore throat in the action. His song is a combination of low melodious owl hooting, purring, and light twinkly trills that belong to no animal he knows of. His coat sparkles and shines with this song, and purples and greens flicker softly across the light blue like an aurora borealis. Small snowflakes frost the air in front of his open, smiling snout.

It didn’t take long of flying like this, a small softly glowing beacon in the sky, until he senses someone trailing him. Three someones. He tries shifting invisible, but the power fails to come. His core bites at him now, irritated with the energy used for keeping this form for so long already and for his little song.

Two of the someones trail below on the street in a van. Danny makes sure to turn right above several streets so that he travels in a complete circle around a city block. The van follows. The other someone travels separately, taking to rooftops and fire escapes. None of their auras are closeby enough to reach, and he doesn’t much care to get closer. He had come out here to be alone, and alone he was determined to be. Danny ignores them, flipping and twirling in the air for his own enjoyment until he grows too tired to continue. He scouts out a ledge on the side of a building near a gargoyle fixture to perch. As he slows, gliding closer to the building gracefully, he hears the hurtling of a net through the sky. The net crackles with green electricity. Wait a minute. He recognizes that.

The net misses him by inches and is pulled aside by a ninja star piercing its webbing and pinning it to the wall a few feet below. Danny stumbles in his landing, caught off guard. He scrambles with three feet on the ledge, wiggling until his fourth meets him. He looks below to see two men outside the parked white van staring up at him. One watches with a set of binoculars and the other looks through the scope of a net gun. Both wear pressed white suits with black undershirts and ties, as well as black sunglasses. Danny looks up and around, remembering he has a third trailer. 

After a half second of searching, his eyes meet his follower’s through a red helmet. He wears some sort of kevlar jumpsuit under a pair of black, baggy, army style cargo pants secured with a bulky belt. A red bat spreads its wings across his chest, partially obscured by the flapping of his brown leather biker jacket. His helmet covers his entire head and face, and white and black ring his eyes in a domino-like figure eight. He wears thick black knee high biker boots and multiple guns are holstered at his hips and thighs. A red hood arcs over the top and sides of the helmet

Danny recognizes that this stranger saved him from the net. Why? Danny and the Red Hood guy look down at the van in sync. The men are closer to them now. Oh, they have hoverboards. Danny’s wings are dead weight. He got a little carried away, expending energy enjoying his flight. But even now, he has a hard time feeling regretful. It was so lovely. The Red Hood shoots a grapple gun to Danny’s building, swinging down and kicking one of the men square in the jaw on his way to Danny’s wall. He and his hoverboard go skittering down and sideways. Danny jumps, arching his back and raising his tail straight up in surprise as the Red Hood reaches the building with a kick against the brick. The gargoyle blocks Danny’s path on the railing. He is trapped between it, the man, and the street below. The red helmet looks to him, expression unreadable. Danny puffs his tail up further, arching his back as high as he can. He pins his ears down and subconsciously steps one of his front paws further back, shielding it. It’s the one with the lichtenberg scar ringing his paw. His ear with the matching scar twitches.

The Red Hood doesn’t move closer, so Danny’s intimidation tactic must have worked. After another second looking down at Danny, he kicks off the brick, careening down into the second man and hoverboard. They spiral in the air, grappling for control in the sky madly. The Red Hood and Guy in White punch and jab at one another, skillfully evading one another’s blows. But then the Red Hood manages to get a boot against the Guy in White’s stomach, kicking him thoroughly off the hoverboard and to the ground below. They’d fallen significantly in altitude, so the Guy in White doesn’t fall far before hitting the ground. The guy in the red helmet regains command of the hoverboard, lifting to meet Danny again.

Danny growls at him. Stay back! I just want to be alone! Danny thinks fiercely. The man lifts a black gloved hand slowly to Danny. Danny snaps forward to bite it. The man jerks back with laser quick reflexes, but it’s too late. Danny’s long white fangs sink into the glove and he locks on. His fangs extend longer, biting through the glove and into the man’s skin. Danny retracts.

“Ah. Mother… fuck er!” The man yells, shaking his hand. He stutters backward in the air on the hoverboard.

Oh no. Danny’s lack of energy catches up with him. Looking at the man’s hand, he can see bright green drip from the bite wound. Did Danny’s teeth have venom like a snake’s? Oh no, if he had expelled some of the precious ectoplasm he had left-

Danny dizzily sways in place on his four legs and he and the man lock eyes once more. Bright white rings envelop the Dannyfox, and leave behind boy Danny in their wake. But boy Danny is larger, and the ledge he was perched on is too narrow to hold him in the same position. His feet touch the ledge, but his hands fall forward into open air and he tumbles from the building with a scream.

He falls a few terrifying feet, flight refusing to come to his aid, before the Red Hood zips down and catches him on the hoverboard by one arm. The arm pops in its socket as the jolt from the grab yanks him from his fall.

“Ahh!” Danny cries.

“Ah, sorry kid!” The Red Hood apologizes sympathetically. Danny feels for his aura and it matches his vocal tone. He is indeed sorry. He gently pulls Danny to the floor of the hoverboard, standing him on swaying feet. He pins Danny back against his legs with an arm across his chest, keeping him steadily on the board. He moves the hoverboard up and forward towards the roof of a building, all while bending down and angling a look at the Guys in White. They look like they’re debating giving chase, but Danny’s rescuer takes a gun from his thigh holster blindingly quick and shoots three warning shots near their feet. They skitter to the van and drive off.

Danny and the Red Hood reach the lip of the rooftop and the hoverboard clips the ledge of the building, sending the both of them sprawling. Red Hood lands half sprawled out over Danny, but quickly hauls himself off of him.

“Kid, are you alright? What happened? Why were those men after you?” Red Hood helps Danny to his knees. He feels his heart beating fast and hard, his head spinning.

“I- I- I’m sorry I bit you,” Danny replies. He doesn’t really know the answers to any of Hood’s questions.

“That’s,” The Red Hood looks down at his hand where the bite wound has already started healing over. Did he have superpowers? But his aura feels confused, peaceful, relieved? Danny doesn’t know what to make of these emotions but clearly he wasn’t angry. Danny senses he’s been angry for a very long time. Even though his aura isn’t right now, he can sense it has been bathed in green acidic rage for quite a while. The Red Hood pauses, staring down at his hand and then back up at Danny, as if only now connecting that he and the Uilnow were one in the same, even though he watched the transformation himself.

“That’s- okay kid. You a meta? Got a home?” Danny isn’t sure what a meta is, but he thinks hard to himself. He’s heard Alfred call the house they were in ‘Wayne manor’. And Damian and Bruce had introduced themselves as Waynes. Did that make Dick a Wayne too? But others had referred to him as Grayson. Geez, he really needed to start asking his family tree questions. 

Is the manor home? He had thought about staying there to make Bruce happy because Jason had left. He seems to make Dick happy. Does home mean being where you make others happy? Danny isn’t sure. The lab certainly wasn’t home. Danny finds himself tearing up yet again. Butterbiscuits. Danny is really sick and tired of always being two steps from tears.

“Oh hey, kid it’s okay. It’s okay.” The Red Hood kneels down and puts a hand to Danny’s shoulder.

“Got a name?” He presses a button on the side of his head and the top half of his helmet collapses into itself, leaving just a mask around his nose and mouth. He lowers his hood, revealing bright emerald eyes. He cranes his head, trying to make eye contact with Danny, who clenches the hem of his sweater in tight fists, looking away. Is the manor home? Danny still thinks.

“If you don’t that’s okay-”

“Wayne.” At that, The Hood’s hand lifts from Danny’s shoulder and his aura blazes in surprise and a barrage of very complicated conflicting emotion.

“Your name is Wayne?”

“No… My name is Danny,” Danny explains, meeting Hood’s eyes, “Wayne is my home.”

Then, unexpectedly, Jason laughs. This isn’t like Barry’s laugh, infectious and bubbly. This laugh is bitter and cutting, and The Hood’s amusement isn’t joyful. His aura bleeds a green ooze with the aftertaste of lemon and lime. Danny shuffles back, a little afraid. Wait… This guy has an aura… but he also has a core.

Danny senses it, a small orb the size of perhaps a dime situated in his chest in the same place Danny’s is. It’s faint and it's much smaller than Danny’s, but it’s there. Did he die too? If Danny was half-dead, was Jason less so? Danny didn’t have an aura in addition to his core. So what did that mean? And why did Jason’s core and aura smell like it’d been marinated in ectoplasm, but different? His eyes weren’t quite ectoplasm green, but they were close. The hood finishes laughing, wiping a tear from those luminous green eyes.

“Of course Brucie got another one. I should have known. A strange kid with blue eyes and black hair? I should have clocked you instantly.” Danny isn’t sure what that means. Does it have to do with the fact that Dick, Tim, and Bruce all have blue eyes? But Damien’s are a dark green, but Damian looks the most like Bruce? Danny makes a mental promise to start asking these questions when he gets home.

“Alrighty c’mon Brucie Junior, let’s get you home,” The guy says, standing and combing a hand through his slightly curly black hair. A strip out in front by his widow’s peak is shock white like the hair at the nape of Danny’s own neck. The hair there is curlier than the rest and bounces forward out of his fingers like a loaded spring.

“I’m Red Hood,” he says, extending a hand and offering it to Danny. Oh, so that was his actual name! Danny had only been guessing it. Danny takes his hand, shakily rising to his feet. He doesn’t have his crutches, but his braces help him hold himself upright. Red Hood seems to notice his braces for the first time and his shakiness.

“Ah so he took in a cripple this time? At least he won’t be forcing any stupid Robin bullshit on ya… Good. He needs to quit that.” Red hood’s voice purses with a Jersey alley accent. Hood reaches down and picks Danny up without question. Danny’s having a hard time reading his core, so he’s uneasy, but he doesn’t think Red Hood will hurt him. The lemon lime angry laughter in his core and his aura are gone again. Hood takes a gun out from one thigh holster and shoots it to the building across from them, and they grapple back across the city towards Wayne manor.

The whole time, Danny’s pressed up against Hood’s chest. He’s not as broad as Dick, but much more built than Tim or Damian. Danny’s core teems against Hood’s, trying to feel it out for company. To Danny’s pleasure, Hood seems to radiate ambient ectoplasm, expelling it outwards into the air. It bolsters Danny’s energy, replenishing him. He’s no longer tired or shaky. Thank you, Danny thinks silently to his new protector.

When they get close to the manor, they walk down the long paved driveway until they reach the gate. The Red hood presses another button on the side of his helmet and it cracks in half down a seam in the back. He removes it from his face entirely, cupping it under one arm on his hip. Danny’s propped up on the other.

He presses a button on a screen in the brick wall near the gate. After a moment, the light blinks and the screen camera mirrors them, showing the image of Hood and Danny in it.

Hood doesn’t even need to say who he is before the gates start swinging open. They make their way to the foyer, where Alfred greets them, immediately yanking them into a hug, surprising Danny.

“Master Jason, I am so incredibly glad to see you,” Alfred says, tears brimming in his eyes. Hood is Jason??? Jason like Bruce’s son??? Alfred holds them for a tight second, and then releases them, looking down at Danny.

“Young man, you frightened us very much! Don’t go running off like that again! Are you injured sir?” Alfred says, scolding and cooing over Danny all at once. Danny feels his popped shoulder swell and nods, pointing to it wordlessly with his other hand.

“Ah shit, I didn’t realize he-”

“Language, Master Jason! Danny is impressionable and we don’t want him marred with the bad habits of the rest of you,” Alfred chastises. Jason pauses. He is clearly unhappy with being told what to do, but he doesn’t leave immediately. He passes Danny to Alfred and hovers near the door, intent on exiting. No. Danny doesn’t want him to leave. His ambient ectoplasm is so nice and he hasn’t felt this good in a really long time. Danny reaches a hand out and grabs the sleeve of Jason’s jacket, preventing him from fleeing like he did earlier today.

“Stay?” Danny asks, tilting his head slightly to one side. Jason looks surprised, but he stays, following them to a sitting room. Geez how many sitting rooms does the manor have? Danny seems to find himself in a new one every time.

Alfred deposits him on a heavily upholstered chair with swirling wooden arms on the sides. He glances at Danny’s dislocated shoulder and glances sharply at Jason.

“Hey! It wasn’t ma’ fault! I swear Alf! He was falling from a building- I had to catch him!” Just like that, Alfred’s sharp attention snaps to Danny, who fidgets in his seat.

“And what, prey tell, were you doing up on a building, Danny??” Alfred doesn’t raise his voice, but he raises his eyebrows significantly with the question, eyes wide. Danny is getting annoyed. He was just trying to make himself feel better. And he came back, didn’t he? He was safe! So why did it matter where he had been? He wasn’t used to people telling him where he could and couldn’t go, he was vaguely certain. He wasn’t even sure he was used to parents or adults keeping tabs on him much at all. Why did Alfred think he could boss Danny around?

“I was minding my own fucking business,” Danny tries to cross his arms, but only one arm complies, so he tucks it around his side, hugging his ribs.

Before Alfred can reply, a voice behind them bursts into laughter. Danny’s eyebrows fly up and he spins around. Tim walks into the room with a blonde haired girl and Damien, one hand at his side and the other gripping the strap of a backpack. He slings the backpack off his shoulder and flings it carelessly to the side on the floor.

“Jason, you’ve only been here for what, three seconds? And you’ve already got the kid cussing? Dick’s going to kill you!”

Jason sputters incredulously. “Hey that one’s not on me! I said shit not- oh wait, I think I did say motherfucker when it bit me,” He trails off.

“He BIT you???” Tim cries animatedly. He’s much more energetic than he was this morning when he was nursing his coffee. Danny notices an empty coffee cup tucked in the side of his discarded backpack. This guy ran on coffee like a truck on gas.

“Jesus, that’s priceless. Are we sure he isn’t a clone of Damian?” Tim jokes, hooking a thumb back at Damian. Damian reaches forward, grabbing his wrist and twisting it back and upside down, forcing Tim to bend with it.

“Owowowow.”

“Serves you right, imbecile,” Damian smirks, releasing him. But Tim isn’t angry, his aura glows a bit with pride. Danny can tell he’s happy to have made Damian smile, even if it is at his expense.

“Ah he is so cuuuteee,” The blonde one (Who is Spoiler, Danny can tell by her aura) coos. She steps forward quickly, taking Danny’s good hand in both of hers, shaking it enthusiastically.

“I’m Stephanie Brown, but call me Steph, sugar!” Danny’s mind rushes to catch up. Gosh another nickname? Why can’t they all just call him ‘Danny’? He was only barely getting used to ‘little wing’ and it seemed like every second these people kept heaping on more. At least they weren’t calling him-

“Daniel, you’re hurt,” Damien observes flatly, peering at his shoulder.

“My name’s not-” Danny starts to protest, but before he can finish, Damian’s crossed the floor to his chair, grabbed his  bad arm, and popped it back into his shoulder. It sears in pain for a moment, but passes quickly, rapidly feeling much better.

“MASTER DAMIAN,” Alfred admonishes.

“What? His shoulder was dislocated. It needed setting,” Damian says, genuinely confused at the issue with his actions.

“Dames, you can’t just… he’s a kid! Give a little warning first, geez…” Tim says. Damian turns to Danny, eyeing him flatly again, but this time making eye contact.

“Are you upset, Daniel?” Danny bristles at the use of his full name, but lets it slide.

“No. Thank you,” Danny replies coolly.

“See?” Damien brushes his hands together, wiping off imaginary dirt and straightening the lapels of his school uniform. “The child sees no error in my actions. Move on, old man,” Damian addresses Alfred who scowls, but accepts his words for truth, “Now where is Titus? I have training to accomplish.”

“He is in his crate in your room, Master Damian. Go retrieve him before I set up one for yourself,” Alfred snarks, the disdain in his aura written just as clearly across his face. Damian does not respond to Alfred’s remark, instead turning on his heel and heading off to his bedroom.

“How’d you hurt your shoulder little guy?” Stephanie crouches down, balancing gracefully on her calves and toes.

“Fell off a building,” Danny says casually with a shrug of both shoulders. Why was everyone making a big deal of it? It’s not like he fell to the ground. And he was fine and safe and back home.

“Wowza, Danny. You’ve only been here, what a day and you’re already pulling Robin stunts? Cool your jets, you’re going to give Bats a heart attack!” Stephanie squeaks, but she says it with a joking smile. Tim elbows her and she stands back up

“Don’t go putting ideas in his head, Brown, he can’t be a Robin.” The two jostle each other teasingly back and forth, raucous and jovial. It’s a little too loud for Danny’s ears.

“Allow me to go fetch a sling for that arm, young… Dan-ny,” Alfred catches himself. Danny’s pretty sure he had wanted to say ‘young Master Daniel’.

“Oh, no I’m fine.”

“Awe shit, now he’s already refusing medical treatment. Ya guys are the worst influence,” Jason jokes, smiling.

“ We're a bad influence?” Tim asks with a shit-eating grin on his face, “you’re the one cursing in front of the kid!”

“Ah shi- shucks” Jason catches himself, palming his hand to his face. Stephanie laughs.

“Now M- Danny,” Alfred catches himself again as he bends to meet Danny’s eyes, white gloved hands on his thighs, “There is no shame in needing aid. You hurt your shoulder and you need to make sure it mends, lad.”

Danny wrinkles his nose in confusion. But his shoulder is already mended. Damian fixed it. “But it’s already fixed?” Danny lifts his arm above his head, rotating his shoulder in circles. Alfred stands back up, surprised with eyebrows raised.

“I see. I suppose it is! Can I at least fetch your crutches for you?” Danny nods. Alfred leaves to retrieve them.

“ Crutches? Damnit Brucie really did take in a charity case this time. What, is he another orphan too?” Jason says,

“Dude. Shut up, ” Tim elbows Jason in the ribs. They both look down at Danny expectantly but he just blinks up at them blankly. What? Does he expect him to do something? The scrutiny of all three of their sets of eyes on him reddens the tips of his ears. He pulls his head into his shirt.

“Dude, you turned him back into a turtle.” Tim punches Jason’s shoulder.

“What? What did I say! Obviously I was right!” Jason retorts, “Whatever, I’m outta here,” he pulls away, ready to make his egress. Oh no! Danny didn’t want Jason to leave. He wanted Jason to stay, at least to see Bruce. Bruce had seemed to really miss Jason.

“What, and break your streak for ‘longest time set foot on the manor in three years?” Tim says, grabbing Jason’s wrist. Jason pulls his wrist away.

“Whatever,” He grumbles again. But as he makes his way to the door, Bruce and Dick step into the doorframe.

The auras of everyone in the room absolutely plummet as Bruce and Jason lock eyes.

“Jason,” Bruce breathes, eyes widening. Dick pushes past the two of them, coming to stand in front of Danny. After silently checking him over, Dick turns to watch Bruce and Jason. His aura is the only in the room washed clean and clear with hope instead of dread. Danny can tell that Jason expects to be yelled at. His muscles are tense, like when Danny had arched his little Uilnow back at Red Hood, puffing up his tail and pinning his ears. The feeling now is the same. Jason is deciding whether to fight or flight.

“Stay for dinner?” Bruce asks, surprising everyone in the room. Surprising everyone else more, Jason says ‘yes’.

Not after long, Alfred returns with Danny’s crutches, which he accepts happily. Dick breaks focus from Bruce and Jason long enough to turn to Danny as he accepts them into his hands.

“Oh! I almost forgot. Danny- I got you these.” Dick reaches into his back pocket and grabs a sheet of sparkly stickers, “You can put them on your braces and crutches if you’d like! Or I’ve got markers. We can draw on them however you’d like.” Danny lights up as he flips through the little booklet. The third page of the booklet has stickers of planets and little green aliens! He folds the first two pages aside crookedly and thrusts the page outward excitedly at Dick to show them. He means to say ‘Look! Space!’ but all that comes out is a very excited ‘squawk’.

“Awe that was so precious,” Steph breathes in with excitement with a low creaky cry. Danny is really starting to hate this teen- she’s always embarrassing him! He turns the stickers back to himself and presses them against his chest, no longer in a sharing mood if it's going to get him that much attention from Steph.

“Oh nooo, little sugar I want to seee!” She whines, reaching for the sticker book. The whole time, Tim tries to hold her back from reaching Danny and she strains to grab the book. Danny holds it over his head defensively, trying to keep it away, but Steph grabs it from his little hands. She flips to the page he’d been showing Dick.

“Ooh do you like space?” She cooes, “Okay which one’s your favorite?” She turns the sticker book back to Danny with the space page exposed. 

Hmm.. “That one,” Danny points at a little sun sticker, which sparkles yellow and gold.

“Good taste!” Stephanie cries enthusiastically. What is she, a cheerleader? Danny thinks. He only pointed at a sticker?? “Where do you want it?” she asks, peeling it from the page. Danny reaches forward, plucking the sticker from her hands and sticking it directly on her nose. After a surprised, crosseyed second, Tim and Steph burst into laughter.

“I think she meant where do you want it on your braces,” Dick supplies softly, taking another sun sticker- this one is green- from the page. Danny isn’t sure why the heck a sticker of a sun would be green, but then again, suns don’t wear sunglasses or have goofy gap toothed grins either. Danny points at a spot on one of his braces and Dick smoothly presses the sticker on. Danny delights in his new prize.

“Another!” He grins widely. While Dick grabs it for him, Danny says, “did you know that the sun makes up 99.86% of the mass in our solar system?”

“Oh no, he’s already a nerd like you!” Steph groans, exaggerated and mocking while faking slumping her weight against Tim, “He’s going to be boooorinnggg, ” she mock complains.

“Hey space is not boring! Danny says, slapping on the sticker Dick hands to him on his brace.

“Yeah, space is cool! And so is Tim’s nerdiness,” Dick says, smiling and sticking his tongue out at Steph. Danny puffs up with pride at his… at Dick’s defense. He joins him, gleefully sticking out his tongue.

In another five minutes, Dick, Tim, Steph, and Danny have plastered the sides of his Braces in funny little space themed stickers. They pick as many of the teal and purple adjacent ones for one brace and as many of the navy and orange adjacent ones for the other in an attempt to match his crutches, which Alfred brings in. The whole time, Bruce and Jason stand off to the side, stiff but present. Danny checks on their auras. Both are hopeful, but reluctant. They both seem to hold a lot of regret, and Jason is brimming with resentfulness. But Danny can tell they love each other very much, so he redirects his attention, sure they’ll work out whatever it is they’ve got going on. Stickers are more important.

“Thank you Alfred,” Dick says, taking Danny’s tiny crutches. By now, Danny sits perched in Dick’s lap and he bounces excitedly for his crutches. He wants to walk.

“Hold on little Turtledove, slow and steady wins the race,” Dick says laughing. He stands, helping Danny to the floor and nestling his arms in the crutches. As soon as he’s got the crutches in place, Danny scrambles over to Jason as quick as he can manage. He throws his arms around Jason’s legs in a hug. Danny doesn’t regret his flight away from the manor. It was too lovely and it had been exactly what he’d needed to calm himself down after… Well nevermind. He doesn’t regret it but he’s glad Jason helped keep him safe and get him back home. Huh, Danny supposes the manor does feel like home. Was that possible? It’s only been… Danny thinks…. A day? Wow, a lot has happened today.

“Thank you Jason,” Danny breathes into his knees. His aura blazes in surprise and then lowers to a contented fire crackling.

“Oh, uh, you’re welcome kid.” Bruce takes that opportunity to put a hand on Jason’s shoulder and the two share a look and a very reluctant, strained smile. Bruce removes a hand from Jason’s shoulder, coughing to cover the awkwardness. Jason looks away.

“I think I shall start Dinner for everyone, sir,” Alfred nods his head, removing himself from the room.

“So, uh, you wanna put stickers on your crutches too?” Jason asks, prying Danny from his knees. Danny considers it before shaking his head side to side.

“No, they’re already super colorful. Do you like to read?” Danny’s hatched a plan in his brain. He can’t stop remembering how sad Bruce had been earlier this morning when he’d told Danny about Jason. Dang, was that really only this morning? Danny thinks again about how much has happened in such a short amount of time and his head spins a little. His nap this morning had made it seem like it was yesterday too.

“Uh… Yeah?” Jason asks, confused. Danny gets it. Jason doesn’t know Bruce told him about Jason’s favorite book being Treasure Island.

“Batman was reading me ‘Treasure Island’ this morning. Do you wanna join??” Jason’s head whips to Bruce, accusatorily. His aura radiates an emotion Danny cannot place. Bruce rubs a hand on the back of his neck, admitting it was true without so much as a word. 

Oh wait, Danny called him Batman. Was Jason not supposed to know that? But Jason’s aura and core don’t read as surprised. Danny figures that means he already knew Bruce was Batman then. Oh did that mean Danny wasn’t supposed to know?

“Sure, kid.”

Moments later, Dick, Jason, Bruce, and Danny have filed back into the Library. Tim and Steph broke off to do homework or something. Dick holds Danny in his lap on a plush leathery chair. Bruce and Jason sit on the matching couch from this morning. Bruce opens the book to where they’d left off, but Danny interrupts.

“Can Jason read it? Bruce said it was one of your favorites.” Bruce wordlessly passes the little teal book to Jason. Jason pats his lap.

“C’mon kid. You can help me read it.” Danny shifts in Dick’s lap.

“I can’t read,” He admits. He doesn’t say he doesn’t know how to read. He’s pretty sure he used to. But his brain just won’t let him.

Jason meets him with a soft, sympathetic gaze.

“That’s okay kid, you’re just a squirt. You’re allowed to not know how to read at your age. You gotta learn somehow. C’mere,” he pats his thigh again. Danny shrugs off of the chair and Dick’s lap and pads over to Jason, who helps him up onto his lap. Jason’s core and aura still stink with the aftertaste of that acidic green rage, but it’s significantly lessened now, like it’s wafting away with time. Underneath it, he can sense a feeling of acceptance, gratefulness, and warmth. Danny snuggles into the feeling.

Together, they read “Treasure Island’ for a few chapters until Alfred calls them for dinner. Several times, Danny peeks over at Dick, who’s angling his phone’s camera at them. Is he videotaping? Jason reads to him much more haltingly than Bruce had, pointing out letters here and there and making him sound out words. Danny is annoyed, this feels too much like school when he was told he didn’t have to go.

At dinner, Danny’s energy rapidly depletes, the day catching up with him. By the time his plate is almost empty, Danny’s almost pitching forward into it. Dick must be able to sense it, because he helps carry Danny to bed afterwards, ordering him to the restroom to ready himself for bed. When he comes back into the bedroom, he sets a pair of pajamas on the bed and points to them, but Danny doesn’t care. He crawls up onto the bed and face plants himself, starfished in his day clothes on the edge with a dramatic plop.

In his sleepy fog, Dick helps manually get him into the pajamas, which are soft and comfortable. Dick somehow manages to tuck Danny into the bed before he passes out for the last time and says ‘Good night little Turtledove’ before kissing him on the forehead and ducking out of the room, turning off the lights.
Notes:

    And now we have Jason! Next up, Tim reveals his GIW related discoveries. As always, I live for your comments Sweet Finches <3

    In other news, my service dog (her name is Penguin) has just been diagnosed with a terminal untreatable cancer and has been told she has 6 months to a year to live. She is only 3 years old, and its very rare for pups her age to have this cancer, its usually only geriatric dogs. That little girl is my whole world and I am absolutely reeling from this news. I am devastated. To all my dog lovers out there, please hold your pupper a little closer at night tonight for us and try not to take your love for one another for granted. I will be focusing on appreciating every second I have left with her. I will also be in the process of getting another pup to train to be my next service dog, and all of this will be a very emotional and difficult time. Wish us luck and keep us in your hearts. I am simply shaken to my very core.

Chapter 10: The Batmeeting
Summary:

    A batmeeting. Information is falling into place but they're still missing some big puzzle pieces to the mystery that is Danny. Dick POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 10: The Batmeeting

 

~~

Dick

~~

After tucking Danny into bed, the Batfam congregates in the cave to finally go over reports and compare notes about the GIW mission. They’d gotten back so late yesterday and Damien, Stephanie, and Tim had all had school. No one had a chance to all sit down and really go through everything. It had the added benefit of catching Jason up, who had a lot of questions of his own. They’d also called Barbara over, who’d not been involved with the GIW mission because she’d have business of her own to attend to that night.

Which- Jason. Jason was back in the manner. Jason had stayed for dinner! Dick was so pleased he was sure he was purring like Danny all throughout dinner, vibrating for excitement for his lost little brother. After Jason’s resurrection in the pits and rise to Red Hood, the family had been broken. Sure, things had eventually mellowed out, but they’d been strained. They’d never been the same. After time, Jason’s pit madness had relinquished a bit and his murderous spree had slowed. He still wasn’t above murder in his crime boss dealings, but he used threats and rubber bullets more than lethal weapons these days, Dick knew. Batman more or less allowed him his operations in Crime Alley, admitting that overall he was doing good, even if by unsavory methods at times. Still, Batman watched Red Hood and Crime Alley like a hawk and wasn’t afraid to try to interfere if he thought Jason might take things too far. 

Bruce’s relationship with his lost and found son had become strained and Dick was pretty sure Jason hadn’t even set foot on the manor in three years. And three years ago, it had been to try and kill Tim. In a bout of particularly nasty pit rage, Jason had convinced himself that Bruce had replaced him with Tim as Robin. Which… fair. In some ways, he had. But it wasn’t to replace Jason , only the partner he’d lost. Tim had even named himself Red Robin instead of Robin, choosing to honor his elder brother’s mantle rather than take it himself. He’d always been a puppy dog with Jason, and the way he inserted himself into the hero game when Jason died was no different.

They caught Jason up on what occurred at the GIW base, and in turn, Jason caught them up with how he’d met Danny. It seemed like the goons after Uilnow Danny were associated with the GIW based on their white suits and the energy based weaponry that one of the teams had discovered in a different lab room on the mission. They seemed to be powered by some odd variant of lazarus water, which Batman and Red Robin had yet to discover the chemical makeup of. They hadn’t yet had enough time.

Then, Tim shared some data with the group that he’d told Dick earlier today which had changed everything.

“But what’re ya doing with the Kid? If he isn’t a clone or an alien, where are his parents?” Jason asks.

“I found a lead on the Fentons,” Tim says, pulling up a file on the Batcomputer. Tim had searched all night and found nothing, but finally found it at school during his lunch break. Tim never took a break when he was switched into detective gear, like a dog with a bone. Bruce had devoted himself to discovering more about the GIW at large while Tim had thrown himself headfirst into finding the Fentons. Pulled up on the screen were pictures of a massive broad shouldered, black-haired, grayish blue-eyed man and a smaller leaner woman with a shock of orange hair and bright violet eyes. Both were pictured smiling and wearing obnoxious jumpsuits, the man in orange and the woman in teal. Next to their picture, the file read ‘Dr.s Jonathan Jackson Fenton and Madeline Jacqueline Fenton, deceased’. Below in a smaller picture was a hospital picture of an infant. Next to it read ‘Daniel James Fenton, deceased’. Next to it was the last picture: a young girl Danny’s current age with orange hair and teal eyes. It read ‘Jasmine Madeline Fenton, deceased’.

“It looks like the Drs. Fenton were ectobiologists,” Tim began.

“Ectobiology? I’ve never heard of it. They study metas?” Jason asks.

“No, ectobiology is a very niche branch of science devoted to the study of- get this- ghosts. They were pioneers of the field and two of some of the only minds devoted to it. I figured out they worked for Cadmus officially, but I’m pretty sure they had dealings with Gotham Intergenic Works because of it. I was able to hack into the GIW database to get some intel before they noticed me peeking and started shutting things down and deleting servers. But I did get that they died in some sort of lab accident, as well as supposedly their two children.” The room was silent for a moment.

“But if Danny survived, it's possible that Jasmine did too, right?” Steph pointed out.

“Unfortunately, no. I do have an autopsy record and a body on her. But Danny’s file didn’t have anything like that. I’m thinking the accident turned him Meta and the GIW kept him around for experimentation. It’s the only thing that makes sense. It would help explain all his scars…” Tim finishes solemnly. Dick seethes thinking about the scars he’d seen on Danny in the bathroom. What kind of sick fucks would….

“So now what, he’s a tragic crippled orphan and Brucie Wayne adopts another kid? The media is going to fucking lose it,” Jason bites. Bruce maintains a cool demeanor, not even flinching. But Dick knows his dad too well and notices the slight clench in his jaw at the dig. Jason’s bringing up feelings of being replaced all over again. It’d happened a year ago when Damian came to them too. That one had even thrown Dick for a loop, Damian being Bruce’s biological son and all. It’d come with guilt- Dick had gotten to have Bruce as a dad after his own parents had been murdered, but Damian had deserved to have Bruce from the start. And that’d been robbed from him by the League of Assassins. Dick wonders often how different Damian might be- how much better he might be with his emotions- how much more of a normal 11 year old he’d be if he’d gotten to grow up with Bruce. Then again, he’d have grown up with Bruce. He might’ve ended up a Robin even younger.

“No,” Dick steps forward, determinedly. No. It was his turn.

“What, you? Dick you aren’t ready for a kid. You’re barely older than me!

It wasn’t quite true: Dick was 26 and Jason was 20, but the way Jason’s life (and death, and  subsequently life again) had gone had left him more mature than most 20 year olds. But in other ways, less. 26 and stable in life with a career and his own place was quite a bit different than 20 living as a successful crime boss vigilante with no outside life out of various safe houses. 

“Grayson is old enough for Danny to be his biological son, even. It is not out of the realm of possibility for him to take on a parental role,” Damian adds. Wow did the demon brat just… defend him??

“Thanks Dames,” Dick says. Damian bristles at the nickname, but nods chalantly. 

“That’s insane Dick… I-“ Jason starts, but Dick interrupts him. 

“I’ve put in a temporary leave of absence at work to sort things out. You know I have PTO saved up and the chief owes me one. Danny had a visit with Dr. Leslie and Iris today and I’ve got him scheduled for regular checkups moving forward to help heal his legs and his core. Iris is optimistic that he’ll be able to make a thorough, if not complete recovery, and Dr. Leslie needs to do more testing on this whole ‘core’ business, but she is hoping to be able to fix that too. I’m going to be setting him up with Dinah soon as well, though that means I may have to find a new therapist if it’ll be a conflict of interest…”

“Okay Dick, fuck, Jesus I get it. Just…. I didn’t think… I didn’t expect to be an uncle…” Jason trails off. Dick’s heart melts. Jason’s the first of his siblings to call themself an aunt or an uncle. The sentiment warms his heart. And for it to be Jason of all people… and here in the manor at all… it brings up a whole other barrage of complicated feelings.

It was nice for one of them to confirm what Dick had been feeling even before he officially knew of Danny’s orphan status: that Danny was family. It was a family forged in a moment. That moment Dick had strapped Danny to his chest and Danny had curled further into him, purring, Dick knew there was no way he could let anything happen to this kid, and that this was his kid. He’d tried to keep the feeling at bay, assuming that he’d had real parents to return to, but that had ended up not being the case. Dick was already falling in love with Danny, and when Tim’d called him from school to update him with his findings, Dick had all but flown into printing out adoption papers. Now he knew how Bruce had felt with each one of them. Not that they were going to use adoption papers- it would probably be too difficult to force adoption papers of a child who was supposed to be dead. And it could be dangerous to keep a connection to his Fenton name, as the GIW were clearly still hunting him down. Tim and Bruce would have to help him forge a new identity.

Dick smiles widely at Jason, a bit of a shit-eating one. “This means you’re gonna have to be around a lot more. Turtledove’s gonna need his uncle Jay.”

“You might have to work on the language though Jason, or that kid’s gonna run around sounding like a sailor in a week,” Barbara peeps up for the first time that evening.

“Whatever,” Jason scoffs, crossing his arms. Dick smiles, putting an arm around Jace’s shoulders in a hug. He can’t help it, it's just so nice to have his brother home. He wonders what possessed Jason to stick around rather than drop Danny off with a note taped to his forehead at the front gate. Still, he can’t afford to question it, but rather just enjoy his presence.

“Oh and ugh I should probably mention the kid bit me,” Jason says, bringing a hand to rub at the back of his neck in a very Bruce-like fashion.

“Yeah, you said. You need that looked at?” Steph asks. Barb stifles a laugh. She hadn’t been there for that conversation.

“That’s the weird thing… I… The kid latched on with fangs like a snake and when he pulled away, there was lazarus water in the wound. It healed completely like two seconds later.” The Batfam (minus Alfred, who’d stationed himself near Danny’s room just in case) stills. Lazarus water as a topic in this family? Major nope. Lazarus water as a topic in front of Jason ? Triple quadruple major nope.

“...But,” Jason picks up when no one else starts, “it… uh…. helped me I think. With the pits. I can usually feel the pits at the back of my mind, even when I’m normal. But… Dick, they’ve been silent ever since.” Dick’s eyes widen. Jason had told him once just exactly how it felt to live with pit madness. He had described it as the pits crowding the back of his mind, an immense acidic and biting pressure built there just waiting for a dam to burst, which it occasionally did. Dick wasn’t sure how he managed to say sane so much of the time that he did. He’d been fighting it for years now. And now it was… gone? And what did that say about Danny’s connection to the pits? To the League of Shadows? If the Fentons had been experimenting with the stuff in their own right, potentially nothing. But If the League discovered Danny, living with Lazarus water in his veins? They would be after him for sure. Dick’s heart clenched protectively around a kid he already viewed as his son.

Was it so soon? Sure, but Dick couldn’t help it. Family forged in fire , he supposed. Danny was his son.

“How… How is this possible,” Damian asks Jason.

“I don’t know. I just… don’t feel the pressure of the pits in the back’a my skull any more. I’m still angry sometimes, but that part is just me. That’s normal anger. Not pit rage.” Bruce stiffens behind him. If there was anything or anyone Jason was angry at, it was Batman and Joker: Joker for beating him to death with that crowbar and Batman for failing to avenge his death and kill the clown. Jason doesn’t let himself notice Bruce’s tension. Or maybe he does but simply doesn’t care. Dick isn’t sure which. Old wounds.

They finish up their meeting and catch up with Barbara more casually. She’d been traveling a lot lately helping with outreach projects and a lot of pro bono work for her day job in family law, something they were likely about to take full advantage of in their forgery of Danny’s new identity. It was why she hadn’t been overseeing as Oracle the night of the GIW mission. She congratulates Dick on fatherhood and makes him promise he won’t become the soccer mom they all know he is inside. Dick laughs. It feels great for all his siblings to be in once place again. They’re going to make the best aunts and uncles ever.
Notes:

    Author’s Notes

    For Clarification, the Gotham Universe Danny’s in now had its own Fenton family in it. All four died in the portal accident. Uilnow Danny was thrust upon the GIW years after their deaths. The Batfam is speculating what happened to Danny, but doesn’t know that he’s an alternate version of Danny from another dimension. They think that he survived the portal explosion somehow, turned Meta, and that the GIW experimented on him for 4-5 years. That’s their working hypothesis. In reality, he was with the GIW for a much shorter time and the GIW doesn’t know him as Daniel Fenton at all. For age clarification:

    Danny: 5 (19)

    Damian: 11

    Tim: 15

    Stephanie: 16

    Jason: 20

    Dick: 26

    Barbara: 31

    If y’all have any other questions don’t hesitate to ask. I respond to all my Sweet Finch’s comments <3

Chapter 11: A Question
Summary:

    Dick asks Danny a very important, very life-altering question. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 11: A Question

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Over the next few days, Danny finds himself settling more into the manor. Alfred prepares them yummy meals, and he’s discovered a penchant for weird milkshakes, which he delights over. It started with a chocolate milkshake one night, and the next, Danny had found himself requesting kiwi fudge. It’d gotten him a weird look from Dick and Damian, but Tim had shrugged it off and Alfred had complied. It. Had. Been. Awesome.

Bruce and Danny had continued reading Treasure Island when Bruce had the time, and Alfred had started helping him learn his letters. His fingers had a hard time with the dexterity to hold a pencil right, but he was making some progress and could now write a few sentences at a time with help spelling. It wasn’t as bad as he remembered school being, though deep down Danny knew this wasn’t really actual school.

A week had passed when Dick came to Danny and had announced that they were going shopping. Shopping? Wasn’t that boring? Why was Dick so excited about it?

Now, they stand in Danny’s room, getting him dressed and ready for the day in a routine they were starting to form. After Danny had brushed his teeth and combed his hair, he padded back to the bedroom where Dick had laid out clothes for him. These ones, like most of the ones he always had, were new. But they are different. They are a little fancier than usual. Instead of drawstring pants and a t- shirt, they’re a pair of casual slacks, an undershirt, and a sweater to go on top. It’s a lot of layers. The slacks are a little big in the legs to fit over his braces and settle on the tops of them, mostly covering all the stickers. Danny frowns. He worked hard with his new friends to put all those stickers there.

Danny reaches out for his crutches, expecting them next, but Dick pats the bed. Danny hobbles to the edge of the bed carefully. His balance has gotten a lot better and he can walk a lot without the crutches short distances and when he thinks really hard about it. He supposes listening to Dr. Leslie and not using his powers has helped, along with some physical therapy exercises that Iris gave Dick as homework for Danny. But it’s been hard work and he misses flying so much. His heart aches for flight.

“I wanted to talk to you about something, little wing,” Dick says with a small smile. He looks intently into Danny’s little eyes and Danny can sense apprehension in Dick’s aura. Oh no, had Danny done something wrong? 

His worry must be written on his face, because Dick says: “Don’t worry little bird, it’s nothing bad. In fact, it's pretty wonderful.. I think so anyway.” He puts a comforting hand on Danny’s upper back, rubbing a little lazy circle. Danny’s core purrs slightly despite his anxiety.

“I’m so glad to see all your progress. You’re learning to read and walk and you’re eating so well. I think you’re adjusting very well,” Dick starts. Oh no. Was this Dick saying Danny was ready to move on? Danny had found himself a few times slipping and almost thinking of Dick as ‘dad’ even though he knew he wasn’t his dad. He’d finally gotten around to asking all his family tree questions and figured out where everyone belongs… except himself. Dick, Tim, Damian, and Jason were all brothers and Bruce’s kids (adopted or no), Stephanie was a close friend of the family, and Alfred was kinda like their honorary grandfather and Bruce’s dad-figure. There were even two others named Duke and Cass that were part of the family, though they lived far away.

The past few days, Danny had started to accept the fact that he was clearly a guest and they’d be sending him somewhere else sooner or later. He had been anxious at first, fearing in the depth of his core that he would end up… back there, with the lab coats. But he quickly dismissed it because it was clear Dick wouldn’t let anything that bad happen to him again, right? He’d said as much multiple times, especially on nights where Danny woke up screaming with nightmares, including one particularly embarrassing night where he’d wet the bed in his sleep. Dick hadn’t made a big deal of it though. Still, it was absolutely mortifying .

“Danny?” Dick must have said something, because Danny wasn’t paying attention. He did that sometimes, getting so lost in his own thoughts. 

“Oh sorry, What?”

“I asked are you happy here? With me?” Danny’s core seeks out Dick’s aura: which is heavy with anticipation. Nervous or excited, Danny can’t tell. It’s a thick fog in a forest, traps and wires and nets set about and ready to trigger on a hair’s touch. It smells sharp like cedar and pine. Darnit, he was hoping to cheat and determine the correct answer- the answer that will make Dick the happiest. Instead, he decides to go with honesty.

“Yeah. I’m happy. I have you and Bruce and Alfred and everybody, and Titus is sweet and my bed is soft. And I don’t have to.. I don’t have to.. I’m not..” Danny struggles to verbalize how glad he is to not be poked and prodded and torn at and- “Well I’m happy here. It’s home.” Danny’s tongue is sappy with sadness, sticky and slow-moving. It’s hard to admit it just when he’s about to be forced to leave, but he wants to be honest with Dick, however difficult. His cheeks burn red and the tips of his ears twitch a little. He fists his hands in his sweater on his lap. He feels on the verge of tears. Wait. So is Dick? 

Danny looks up at him in surprise when he senses his aura. It’s a building dam swelling quickly from one side, ready for the whole thing to blow. Water sloshes against the wall and Danny fears if any more pressure builds, it will crack. Dick has tears swelling in his eyes too and he reaches forward and envelops Danny in a bone crushing hug. Oh no, this is it. This is goodbye.

But then, Dick says: “I’m so happy to hear that Danny, you have no idea. How would you like for me to be your Papa?” The last word is said almost as a whisper and the world hinges on its quiet importance. Danny melts in relief in their hug and bursts into tears, letting everything go from the dam of his own making. Dick holds him while he cries hard into his shirt, sobs raking in deep, shuddering, halting breaths. The entire time he nods his head fiercely.

“Hey, little wing, it’s alright! I’m happy too,” Dick says, finally pulling away from their hug and wiping his own tear stricken face. They take a few more moments pulling themselves together and falling apart when they look at each other. The apprehension has sifted out of Dick’s aura and a golden, glowing love has replaced it. It’s sparkling, dazzling, and Danny has never felt anything like it that he can remember. His core latches on, mirroring the emotion in himself. 

Red and white swirls curl in the golden glow of Dick’s aura and Danny gets the sense that those colors are significant to Dick for some reason. They mean family. They feel like the exhilaration of flying through the air on a trapeze without a net and not fearing anything. Of being at home in the sky. Danny can relate to the feeling, thinking back to his calming flight through Gotham. He had been far from the earth, and yet being in the air had been grounding. Danny is not used to associating a circus with anything good, he thinks distantly, but clearly his dad does. Wow. They're a family now. Danny is elated. Joyful relieved tears run down his cheeks anew. He’s sure he’s had a family before, but he’s also sure it was… different. Danny doesn’t think his last parents were like this. 

“Why Papa?” Danny asks, finally calming down. He doesn’t think he’s heard anyone refer to a dad that way before.

“Oh, you can call me whatever you like. You can still call me Dick if you prefer- I know we have a complicated relationship. Bruce adopted me, as you know. I still mostly call him Bruce, but it doesn’t make him any less my dad. Papa is what I called my own dad- my biological dad- before he passed.” Danny shifts, thinking about it for a moment. 

“Papa is nice. I like it,” he says, reverently, sniffing.

“Here,” Dick says, placing a tissue beneath Danny’s nose and wordlessly requesting him to blow. He complies.
Notes:

    Okay I know this one is super short, but Chapter 11 ended up being SO LONG that I am breaking it up. Also for ease of editing and getting bits out to y'all sooner than later.
    The red and white in Dick’s aura that mean family are a reference to his acrobat uniform that he uses in Young Justice to go undercover as Dan Danger. In my Fic I imagine that as his Flying Grayson’s family uniform instead. So Dick associates the color/pattern with family subconsciously and that reflects in his aura.
    In Updates on Penguin, I took her to her first chemo visit and she didn’t have any spread from the cancer in her blood vessels to any other organs yet so that is promising. Her cancer is terminal, but I hope with chemo to prolong her life for quite a long while (paws crossed!). I have emotionally gotten to the point where I can start seeking my next service dog, though it has still been very difficult. It’s been a whirlwind of a week and all I gotta say is I’m so glad I have such a support system and friends and family who love me because I’m going to need it. Blessedly, chemo doesn’t affect dogs in the same way as humans and Penguin shouldn’t be in any pain or suffering during her treatment. Maybe mild symptoms and slight hairloss, but I have medication for the mild symptoms should they occur. I have several good leads on a service prospect. I’m seeking a standard poodle. Wish us luck and keep us in your hearts Sweet Finches.

Chapter 12: Shopping
Summary:

    Danny and his new family go on a shopping outing. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 12: Shopping

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

“So Danny,” Dick explains in the car, “I wanted to have that conversation with you this morning because we might run into people shopping. People who will have a lot of interest in you. And they might make some assumptions and I want you to be prepared and know that I love you.” This frightens Danny, who is never keen to have too much interest on him in general, but strangers? Danny’s core had been slightly humming with joy ever since their conversation from this morning but now it buzzed more than hummed and Danny felt like his veins were vibrating softly all over his body. He was uncomfortably alert and jumpy for this outing. And strangers? What if they- What if they were- Oh but Dick loved him? He had felt so much from his aura before but Dick hadn’t said it aloud. He paused on that thought, basking in its embrace before returning his mind to the matter at hand.

“Um, why?” Danny interrupts his own thoughts.

“Well, your grandpa- that’s Bruce if you’d like to call him that- oh please call him that he’ll be so grumpy. It’ll be hilarious. Anyway, Bruce is sorta rich,” this elicits a snort from Tim in the row behind them in the car. Dick continues: “and people tend to really like paying attention to rich families. It’s a little silly, but we tend to get a lot of paparazzi. Especially because Bruce has adopted so many kids. People love him a lot for it and they tend to take a lot of pictures of us all when we’re out and about.” 

“You and Damian and Tim and Jason and Alfred?”

“Yes- well, except Alfred- but a bit less Jason now. He lives on Park Row and the Paparazzi doesn’t go there as much. And they know he doesn’t live at the manor any more and they already had their field day with his whole thing, so they don’t pay quite as much attention to him any more.” Danny doesn’t really know what a lot of that means, but he doesn’t ask. It sounds really complicated anyway.

“So are they going to take pictures of me?” 

“Maybe, but we’re going to try to prevent that and stick to ourselves as much as we can,” Papa explains. When Danny doesn’t really respond or look at him, he says: “little wing? Hey Danny?”

“Mm.” Danny pulls his eyes to meet his Papa’s, but he just stares blankly at the seat to the side of him, not really seeing. His core feels numb, like it’s tucked itself right away to escape inspection. The buzzing in his veins seems like it’s died down, but that’s almost a bad thing? It was making him uncomfortable a moment ago but now, Danny feels too dead without it. Like he needs the reminder of the adrenaline to know he’s still alive. He absentmindedly checks down at his legs. No puddles of goo. Good. He nods to his papa, forcing himself to listen once more. He doesn’t want Papa to be angry with him. If Danny let Dick get angry with him… his core clenches in fear and worry at the thought. At least that fear grounds him. He is alive. He is. He is.

“Could you wear this? It may help cover your hair a bit, which is a bit attention-grabbing,” Dick explains, handing him a straw fedora. Danny’s not sure if he’s worn one before but he sticks it on his head. He focuses on the feeling of the textured fabric beneath his fingertips and the silky band at the base of it.

“Sorry ‘bout my hair,” He apologizes. Oh no, he probably shouldn’t bring that up. What if it made Dick mad? He hadn’t been mad at Danny before, but what if he changed his mind? Dick had offered to take Danny for a haircut earlier that week, but the thought of the clippers near the back of his neck had nearly sent him into a panic attack. They’d left it for now. Danny’s hair laid neatly and brushed, fluffy against the nape of his neck right above shoulder length, if a bit uneven and choppy. He had fluffy bangs that brushed across his forehead and one eyebrow. He liked those. He also liked the way Dick runs his fingers through his hair when he gets sleepy at night before bed in a soothing way. It feels like home. It feels safe.

“You don’t need to apologize, Danny. It’s okay. If you want to keep your hair long, you certainly may. Your hair isn’t even as long as mine, it’s fine.” And he was right. Dick’s- his papa’s- hair was just past his shoulders, and was currently pulled back in a small lower ponytail, just exposing the tiny earrings in his lobes. At least he didn’t have a bolo tie. Danny wasn’t entirely sure why that unbidden thought popped into his head.

“Don’t listen to him, Daniel, long hair isn’t very sensible in a fight,” Damian scoffs from his seat.

“Damian, he isn’t going to be getting in any fights, ” Dick- Papa (wow that’s still going to take some getting used to!) corrects vehemently. His aura flashes with protectiveness. Damian only narrows his eyes.

“When I was five-”

“Geez Damian you can’t use yourself as an example. You had, like, the crappiest childhood of all time. Danny is not going to be raised by assassins,” Tim says, exasperated.

“Is a flock of bats much different?” Damian levels a flat glare.

“It certainly has to be much better!” Stephanie cries, a bit too loud for Danny’s sensitive ears, as always. The tips of his ears point back slightly, trying to avoid the noise.

They sit the rest of the drive in the back of the big sleek black car and Danny watches the world go by from the window. He can distantly hear Tim, Stephanie, Dick, and occasionally Alfred and Damian speaking, but he doesn’t really hear their conversation. He pretends Red Hood is running around following the passing scene, flipping and jumping from skyscraper to skyscraper. He had asked why Jason wasn’t joining them and Papa had told him that Jason works the entire night, so he was sleeping during the day. That reminded Danny of a raccoon. Which made sense because Jason had black and white hair. Hey, just like me! He thinks, realizing their connection. It’s a fun distraction to the bubbling anxiety gnawing in the pit of his stomach. At some point, Dick must have scooted over to hug Danny, because he can feel his hands around him and on his chest, though he isn’t sure when they got there. It’s nice.

They pull up to a sleek shiny building made up of a bunch of smaller buildings. Danny has the feeling that these stores are fancier than anything he has ever shopped in. They exit the car and wait for Alfred to park. Tim, Damian, and his Papa are all dressed a little differently than he has seen them. Stephanie is roughly the same though, dressed in a delicate off shoulder green shirt with three quarters sleeves and jeans with embroidered patches on them. One of the patches is a little purple bat symbol. Another is a lemon wedge. Yet another is a little pink poofy dog Danny is pretty sure is called a poodle. Her hair is long, blonde, and straight, swishing when she walks in a cascade down her back. Damian wears little more formal attire than the rest of the group, but still casual and with sunglasses. Tim wears a beanie and his rectangular glasses instead of contacts, as well as jeans and a baseball tee. Papa wears a fitted long sleeve t-shirt and jeans with a flannel unbuttoned.

Alfred meets them for the first time out of his Butler’s uniform that Danny has seen. He wears a gray sweater vest over a green top and slacks. His shoes are shiny leather penny loafers. Hehe, Pennyworth. Penny loafers. It makes Danny chuckle to himself. Another amusing little distraction. Nice.

 The little group walks in a small crowd to their first store which is a clothing one. Danny’s Papa (he is still getting used to thinking in such terms. it gives his core some easement in and amidst his anxiety about potential picture-takers) tells him to pick out anything he would like. Danny has a hard time picking anything. He can tell this is a really fancy store and he doesn’t feel like he belongs. He looks to the other shoppers milling around, expecting any one of them to turn around and tell him to leave or give him a dirty look. Danny folds in on himself a little, trying to make himself smaller.

“Um… Are you sure, Papa? This stuff looks… expensive?” Danny asks, feeling the urge to tug on his papa’s pant leg, but not having a free hand from his crutches to do so and not standing quite close enough besides. He fiddles with the rubber on the handle with his fingernail.

“I’m quite sure. You remember that I mentioned Bruce is pretty rich? This is a gift from him. I won’t be using up his offers to buy things all the time, but this first time I can make an exception, Danny. I mean it, pick out anything you’d like.” They walk through the store and Tim and Steph split off a few times and return with things of their own in hand. Occasionally, they pass staff members who take the clothes from them to hold until checkout. 

As they move through the store, Danny feels a little more comfortable picking things out. He chooses a few different shirts that feel particularly soft. Most are long sleeves and turtlenecks. He likes the idea of covering up the part of his lichtenberg scar visible on his neck and arm. He can’t really hide where it outlines his chin and the side of his face, but it’s not super visible straight on, only from the side. When Danny gets nervous like this, he can feel it itch a little, and it itches now. They pause where Danny stands near a wall. He gently leans one of his crutches against it and uses the freed hand to itch at the seam of his face where the scar traces in a nervous habit while the adults talk with one another.

They go to a few other departments in the store where Papa does most of the picking out, though the clothes are still clearly all for Danny. Afterwards, they progress to a store with lots of toys. The colors and lights are really bright here and Danny’s veins buzz a little harder with all the stimulation.

“I’m going to pick out his favorite! I’m so going to be the favorite Aunt!” Steph cries, running off and splitting from the group.

“Fat chance, Brown!” Tim cries.

“What, you want to be his favorite Aunt Timbelina?” Stephanie laughs as Tim chases after her. Alfred, Damian, Papa, and Danny walk around, in much calmer spirits with the dynamic duo set off on their own quest.

Danny’s heart beats a little fast at all the people milling around the shop, but none of them wear all white and none of them pay super close attention to him. It helps that he’s so small in the sea of Papa and Alfred. Even Damian’s height helps to block him from view. Danny desperately wants to hold Papa’s hand, but he can’t while holding the crutches and walking at the same time. He worries a fingernail at one of the handles some more, chewing on the inside of one of his cheeks.

“What would you like, Danny? I want to make sure you’ve got some good toys. Every kid should,” Papa says gently, noticing that Danny hasn’t really looked at anything or picked anything out. Danny doesn’t meet his Papa’s eyes. He feels a little overwhelmed with all the people around, even if he can’t sense any malicious auras. The overhead lights in the store are different from the manor too, a little starker and brighter. It doesn’t hurt Danny’s eyes, but it feels like it takes more effort to be in there. Danny finds his mind constantly paying attention to the difference and it’s grating on his brain. He doesn’t reply to his Papa. What if he picks the wrong thing and it makes Papa mad?

“Well, he should have books I should think, sir,” Alfred offers after a few moments of silence, coming to Danny’s rescue.

“Does that sound good, Danny? We can help you learn to read them like Bruce has been helping you with Treasure Island,” Papa offers. Danny can feel the hope and worry in his Papa’s aura at the lack of Danny’s response but he can’t bring himself to say anything. Danny knows it's silly, but he feels like if he says something, everyone will look at him. And he doesn’t want the attention. He works hard to push down the urge to puddle to the floor. He absentmindedly checks down at his feet- nope. No puddles. All is well.

They make their way over to a book section where there are books of all sizes. A lot of them are closer to the ground where Danny is and have lots of pictures. Oh! There’s one with a dog on it! It doesn’t look like Titus, but the dog is so cute! It has a big forehead and tiny triangular ears, and a little chick sits with it on the cover.

“Biscuit,” Danny reads. Woah, Danny read! Realizing what he’s done, he excitedly looks to Alfred, who has been helping him with reading lessons between when Bruce reads to him. He ignores the buzzing in his veins, tamping it down to enjoy his excitement at reading.

“Hey! I read that! Danny says, reaching out a crutched arm to pull at Alfred’s pant leg. He stands close enough to reach.

“Why, M- Danny, I believe you did!” Alfred still has to catch himself from saying ‘Master’ and ‘Daniel’, but they’ve become far and fewer between and Danny’s core glows at the effort that Alfred makes to avoid those words. Damian on the other hand-

“Daniel, would you wish for something more of a challenge?” Damian says stiffly and boredly. He clearly doesn’t want to be here. Papa gives him a sharp look. Is that… a small blush on Damian’s cheeks? Danny isn’t sure he’s seen Damian blush before.

“Damian, he is just now learning to read, give him a break. These are perfectly great books for him.” Damian only shrugs, looking off to somewhere else in the distance. Danny hesitantly reaches out to his aura as Alfred makes work of grabbing several ‘Biscuit’ books.

Danny doesn’t like to read Damian’s aura often. It usually confuses him more than helps; his aura seems just as guarded as his face much of the time. Now is no different. His aura is steely gray, with little to no purchase to grip the edges. Danny feels his core grasp of the aura slide off like the face of a sleek unadorned building. He can make no purchase against the wall and can’t see what’s behind it. This increases Danny’s anxiety. He knows Damian is a safe- he isn’t worried he will hurt him- but Damian doesn’t speak much to Danny. It isn’t in the way Bruce is often quiet and reserved either, but tenser and more alienating. Finally, Danny feels a lip on the surface of Damian’s guarded aura and gets a taste. A lick of embarrassment? But how can Damian be embarrassed? He is always so cool. 

Ah! Danny startles as Damian’s aura jerks abruptly, almost giving Danny’s core whiplash. He looks to Damian quickly, who stares intently out into the store, searching for something. Danny follows his gaze but can’t find anything out of the ordinary. He analyzes Damian’s core again. Protectiveness and vigilance. Oh. Danny thinks smally. Protectiveness is amazing. Very good. 

He relaxes a little, letting his papa lead him to another section where they pick out a few more books. One has two black and white chinstrap penguins and a chick on it. Another has a little girl with wiggly black hair and rainbow stripes on her face. They pick a couple of chapter books too, which Papa and Alfred pick more than Danny. Several have a messy treehouse on it and one has a picture of planets. Oh that one will be good! It’s space! They seem to know what would and wouldn’t be easier and more enjoyable for Danny. He lets them do so without any fanfare.

It’s when they get to a section of the store with stuffed animals that Danny perks up and finds himself invested in actually inspecting the toys for himself. This section of the store is quieter and there are less other people milling around which makes Danny feel like he can relax further. The aisle is packed with stuffed animals in all shapes and sizes. Papa points out several plush elephants and zebras, offering to pull them down from high up so that Danny can see them. But Danny shakes his head and zeroes in on one near the floor. He bends down carefully, using his crutches for balance as he goes to the floor. He sets his crutches to the floor on either side of him, sitting on his knees. 

It’s a small poodle, like the one on Stephanie’s jeans, but this one is black like Titus. There is a little rainbow ‘w’ on one paw and a blue tag hangs from its leg. All of the other ones in the row on the bottom shelf are all black, but the one Danny picks up has a little smudge of white on the front of the muzzle and a little white splotch on the chest. It looks like someone had been perhaps eating a powdered donut and touched it there. 

Danny hugs the poodle very carefully to his chest- he doesn’t want to squeeze too hard and hurt her- and then realizes that to get up, he needs to use his crutches and he can’t with his hands full. Before he can even voice his dilemma, Damian squats down to the floor next to him.

“Are you sure you want that one? It looks like it has a manufacturer’s error,” He points out the white marks flatly, with a bit of slight disdain in his voice. Danny nods furiously. This is the one he wants. It’s special. It’s got marks on its face like Danny has all over.

“Very well. Here,” Damian says sternly and coolly, taking the puppy from Danny’s hands. He is about to protest, hey, I wanted that! But then Damian takes Danny’s arms and wraps something around his shoulders. Danny looks down to the tiny green backpack Damian has hung around his arms, hanging forward on his chest instead of backwards across his shoulders.

Damian sets the poodle inside, tucking it gently so that it’s head and front legs pop slightly out. He zips the sides so that she’s secure in the backpack. Danny looks up at Damian who’s risen from the floor just as fast as he’d crouched down to it. His face remains just as impassive, no hint at a smile on his face. Papa’s jaw is slightly ajar and while Alfred outwardly remains stoic, Danny can tell that his aura is spiked in surprise as well. 

Damian makes no comment, simply continuing with his bored expression and looking around the aisle, unmeeting of his brother’s and butler’s eyes. This time, Danny can’t pierce the wall around his aura to get a read, just steel. Still, he notices Damian regularly surveying the rest of the store instead of chatting with Papa and Alfred. They walk towards a section with action figures and dolls. Danny can feel his legs starting to hurt, his muscles tensing with strain at all the walking. The crutches and braces have helped him a lot, but his legs are still so small and they’ve walked so far.

“Hey! Heroes! Danny, would you like any of these? Perhaps Nightwing? Obviously he is the best one,” Papa pokes his shoulder playfully with a cheesy grin on his face and an exaggerated wiggle of his eyebrows. Alfred rolls his eyes. Damian doesn’t even pay attention.

“Um, do I have to? I ugh… I like the heroes ,” Danny says, dancing around referring to them directly. Papa had explained that no one was supposed to know their secret identities. He’d easily understood.

“But um… I don’t want to be one?” Danny finishes, unsure. He feels like it's something he’s done before and suffered for, died for, hurt for, but he knows that can’t be true? Maybe it was one of his dreams, one of the ones that he can’t remember when he wakes up. 

Dick gives Danny a forlorn, but decidedly warm smile. Danny isn’t quite sure what that means. “Of course, Turtledove. You never have to be. In fact, I think I’d be rather happy if you didn’t. It’ll be a lot easier to protect you if you aren’t throwing yourself into danger,” Papa finishes. Danny’s core thrums the way it always does when protection comes up. Protect is good and it makes his veins’ buzzing dim down.

Damian peels off like Steph and Tim did, leaving Danny to walk with Alfred and Papa. They make their way down an aisle with puzzles and board games. At some point, Danny’s legs give up and he stands wobbling and trying hard to continue but they simply won’t move. Papa notices when he slows to a stop, turning down to look at his fiercely shaking legs.

“Oh hey Turtledove, why didn’t you tell me you were starting to get tired? It’s okay, I can help,” he says with a forlorn smile on his face. Danny doesn’t want Papa’s pity. He wants to be able to walk on his own. He has the crutches and the braces and he’s been doing better! He stands stubbornly for a moment, contemplating insisting he can do it on his own. But he’s been genuinely trying to make his legs budge and besides from the shaking, he can’t do it. And he’s worried if he stands for much longer, his legs will go intangible and he will fall through the floor right here and now in the store. That would be embarrassing. Danny allows Alfred to gently take his crutches while Papa lifts him into his arms.

The sensation of being carried is so nice. As Papa holds him against his hip and side, Danny hugs around his torso, pressing himself to his side, allowing himself to draw strength and comfort from his aura. But he makes sure not to press too hard so as not to hurt his poodle. Dick’s aura is a purplish pink and smells like laffy taffy, mottled over with several different emotions. Danny cannot untangle each one but some of them are love and protection, but some form of sadness and amusement as well? The sadness isn’t a deep one, and Danny senses it is deeply tangled with the amusement and the protectiveness as well. It confuses him, but Danny doesn’t think its all bad and allows himself to breathe in the sweet smell of strawberry laffy taffy with a hint of sea salt and bubblegum. It’s a lot to his senses, but it's a good distraction to the embarrassment and defeat he feels at being no longer able to walk on his own. 

Distantly, Danny feels ridiculous. He is frustrated with is stupid legs. He’s been hit a lot harder and injured a lot worse before and still able to walk, he thinks. He must not have had core damage then though. Did he usually have super healing that’s been impaired? He cannot remember and the fogginess of his memory meets him with frustrating companionship at this point. It’s always foggy, never clear. He frowns staunchly.

Alfred and Papa help him pick out a few puzzles and board games when Steph and Tim return, hands behind their backs and big toothy grins on their faces.

“Hey Danny, we’re gonna give you these later, but I definitely have the better gift! So remember that when you open your presents, okay?” Steph bounces, still holding her toy behind her back.

“Oh fat chance, Brown. Mine is way cooler,” Tim says with a playfully exaggerated frown. These two are like clowns , Danny thinks. He pets the head of his poodle absentmindedly.

“Oh hey what’s that one? AWE How cute!” Steph cries, getting a closer look at Danny’s stuffed animal. “What’re you going to name them?” Oh. Danny hadn’t thought about that. He looks down at the top of the head of the little poodle, remembering the white manufacturer’s error that are the spots on her face and chest. He remembers his book with the chinstrap penguins.

“Penguin,” Danny proclares with a small smile. Yeah, Penguin is perfect.

“Oswald?” Tim asks, scrunching his nose a little, clearly not liking the name.

“No,” Danny says, frowning, confused and a little miffed. He’d clearly said Penguin. That wasn't even close to Oswald, which was a stupid name, “I said Pen-gu-in,” he dictates clearly.

“He’s black and white like a literal Penguin, Tim. Not everything is a reference to our rogues. Paranoid much?” Steph says with an eye role and leaning an arm on Tim’s shoulder, using him a bit as an armrest. He shrugs her off, annoyed.

They make their way through the puzzle and board game aisle and Danny leaves the picking out to the rest of his family. He’s getting tired and he just wants to go home. But still, it’s not so bad being here. His eyes have adjusted to the light and his veins are a lot less buzzy than before. Danny hears a clicking noise from not far away. He tenses subconsciously from where he had been starting to grow sleepy at his Papa’s hip. Alfred moves between Danny and the clicking, aura aglow with protectiveness as well, as well as indignant anger. Oh no, he was angry? But how could the clicking be Danny’s fault?? It felt very unfair. Oh. Until Danny realizes Alfred is not upset with Danny. Danny finds himself rousing more and more awake, with a growing anxiety. What’s going on?

Suddenly, they rush in the store towards the front. Papa shifts Danny from his hip to his chest, cradling the back of his head against his chest and holding him around his back and bottom. Oh no, we’re squishing Penguin! Danny thinks, gently trying to push off from Papa’s chest. He doesn’t want to hurt her.

“Shh, It’s okay little dove,” Papa soothes. Danny’s focus shifts from Penguin to the clicking and the voices that follow them. That’s a lot of strangers. Papa must sense Danny’s rising fear as the clicking and voices follow them. Still, the auras of his family don’t feel like they’re in danger. Danny decides to take comfort in that as tears war with their welling in his eyes. Danny doesn’t let them fall and presses his face into Papa harder, giving up his pursuit of protecting Penguin from being squished. Papa’s shirt isn’t kevlar today, and it’s so soft to the touch. Danny winds his fists into the fabric, sniffling. He doesn’t quite know what’s going on but he just wants Papa to make it go away. 

When they come away from the front of the store, exiting, Alfred stays behind, presumably to pay for their choices while the rest of his family continues. As soon as they exit the double doors of the front of the shop, more chaos rains down upon them. Clicking and voices have joined them in the back and the front in an ambush.

“Is this Bruce’s newest adoption?”

“Is this why Bruce abandoned the Wayne Enterprises expo meeting on Tuesday of last week?”

“What do you have to say about the child’s obvious crippled status?”

“Is the white in his hair from trauma? Is he related to Jason Peter Todd?”

“Does Jason know about his replacement?”

“Is it true that Bruce purchased this child from a trafficking ring?”

“What is his name?”

“Kid, do you have anything to say about your new dad?”

“Why is Bruce taking in a new kid after he already has four children?”

“Is this one a bastard as well?”

“How old is he? Is this child Selina Kyle’s, CEO of Randolf Industries?”

“Why a child this young at Bruce’s age?”

Questions are throttled at them by people swirling around in a thick crowd of overwhelming aura. Colors and sounds and smells and feeling overwhelm Danny as he is flooded with them. His stomach roils and his face grows ashen. He is going to be sick. Camera’s flash at them, blinding an already shocked Danny’s eyes and ears and the flash takes him away. Takes him to the lab, the original one. And he can’t feel his ears or his heartbeat any more. He wants to go invisible, wants to disappear, but he fights the urge, pulling himself closer into Papa and fighting the scream warring at his throat for release.

Reality bends and he cannot tell how much time passes. He breathes heavily, still not feeling his heartbeat and beginning to panic. Sure, his heart may not need to beat, but that doesn’t make its absence any less distressing. He’s sure he lost the fight to remain on the visible spectrum a few times, but he manages to remain tangible. Tears streak his cheek as Danny loses the battle with his eyes and his nausea prevails. Distantly as he vomits onto scratchy black asphalt, he realizes that they’ve left the paparazzi behind somehow. He has no idea how much time has passed. Has it been seconds? A minute? An hour? An eternity?

He finishes emptying his stomach and a hand wipes a cloth against the corners of his lips, helping pull him up again from the ground.

“Hey, Danny, you were so brave. It’s alright, it’ll be alright. Here,” someone says, returning a small soft thing into his arms. Oh, it’s his poodle. When did they take the backpack from his shoulders? He’s glad they did so he didn’t throw up on it. Someone deposits him in their lap, hugging him tightly and lightly rocking him as they do so. His core is turned up to 11 and he can’t stand not using it anymore. He lets the white rings envelop him and turns into an Uilnow. 

The someone startles at the transformation but their aura is warm and their lap is new. Their aura feels like cinnamon and honey and after recovering from their surprise, they mutter sweet soothing words into Danny’s overly sensitive ears. The someone pets his head reluctantly, then confidently and serenely once Danny leans into the touch. The tears stop and exhaustion pulls at Danny’s core as his brain finally finds release from his overwhelmed-ness. He allows himself to collapse against his hugger, leaning into the rocking and the comfort of it. His eyes burn from their crying, but his core can sense that his family is alone once more. Back in the car? He doesn’t care, as long as they are away again. He gently takes the poodle- now almost the same size as him- in his mouth, carefully grabbing it by the nape of the neck like a cat with a kitten. With care as not to hurt her, he situates her beneath his chin, tucking him under his head like a pillow.

Danny pushes down the thoughts of the flash and the lightning and the foggy memory of a portal accident. That’s a bad memory. He allows his exhaustion to blanket him in a cocoon and falls asleep against the someone- oh, it’s Steph! - safe and comforted in their embrace. As he dozes away, leaving the adults to their conversation, a dream envelops his mind. He’s in longnow once more.
Notes:

    If you couldn’t tell, this was obviously a very self indulgent chapter to me in regards to the Penguin references. For those who may not have read the previous author’s notes, Penguin is the name of my black mini poodle service dog with the recently diagnosed cancer. The white marking manufacturer mistake on the one he picks are the ones my own girl has. Because I am apparently a psychopath and want to ball my eyes out, okay? Naw- in seriousness this was cathartic for me to write and a very sweet scene. Also Damian caring for Danny and learning to let himself grow into a more compassionate person is just giving me so much serotonin right now. The scene with Danny, Damian, and the poodle just- ugh- was so fun to write. I hope you loved it!!!

    The book with the penguins is ‘And Tango Makes Three”, a book about two male penguins who adopt a chick. The author is a blind gay man who uses a guide dog who I follow on social media/love so I made a little easter egg adding him in here. The striped girl one is “A Bad Case of Stripes” which I read as a kid (as well as the Biscuit the dog books).

    Coming soon (maybe next Chapter even, I’m deciding the order): Damian POV and Clockwork POV. Y’all about to get ANSWERS my Sweet Finches.

Chapter 13: Shopping (Damian)
Summary:

    The shopping outing from Damian's perspective

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 13: Shopping (Damian)

 

~~

Damian

~~

 

Damian walks the high end department store with the rest of his family, wondering at what Daniel could possibly be. Their initial hypotheses had been clone, meta, or alien, but none of the three seemed to truly fit. Maaaaybe meta. But Damian remembered when they’d asked his age and he’d slipped and almost said ‘nineteen’ before correcting himself with that ridiculous display of not being able to count his fingers correctly. At his age, he should certainly be able to count proficiently. That incident hadn’t been something being a meta would explain.

Daniel seemed to behave a bit younger than he was meant to be at times. But then again, there were ways Damian had been forced to admit his own inadequacy when he had left the league of shadows and joined his father in his true home. It had taken him a long time to see it that way, but there was no denying his inadequacies now. Sure, Damian was physically skilled and his prowess in stealth and combat were paramount, but Damian found himself… lacking. While Grayson was so easygoing, charming, and funny, Damian found it difficult to endear himself to others entirely. Frankly, Damian wondered why the bats had kept him around at all. They clearly didn’t like him, even when he was honest and helpful. He didn’t fit in. Grayson was the emotional heart of the batclan, his father was their leader, Drake was a mental marvel, Cain was stealth personified (even more proficient than Damian), Gordon was the glue and coordination of their organization, Thomas was their daytime hero (even if he was off traveling for now), Todd was willing to go to lengths others were not to get the job done (which honestly, Damian respected), and Brown. Well Brown was the one member of their party he didn’t personally think had a particular individual talent. She was proficient in her job, but Grayson already covered the social-butterfly-heart-of-operations role. And besides, Damian found her exceedingly annoying most of the time.

So Damian puzzles over Daniel, this potential spy or clone who should be held at arm's length with suspicion, but who had already weaseled his way into Grayson’s heart. And the rest of the family, it seemed for that matter (at least those of whom he had met, he had yet to meet Gordon, Cain, or Thomas). Damian and Daniel were so very different. Was that it? Why he fit in where Damian felt ‘other’? When Damian had been growing up, he strived to be the shining star in a sea of sameness. He was the demon head’s grandson, heir to the league. He had to be perfect and champion in every way. In a world where those around him were molded into blank soldiers meant to blend in as one unit, Damian had strived to stay atop the heap, forever the special one in his grandfather’s eyes. But Daniel…

Daniel seemed unique by his very nature and physiology without trying, yet he shied away from attention at all costs. As they’d shopped in the clothing store, every article of clothing he picked out was longer and hid as much skin as possible. He was clearly ashamed of himself. He could shine, sometimes quite literally, so why shy away from what had to be his destiny to be a hero one day? He had all these powers and he clearly had a need to protect others. Damian didn’t see why he wouldn’t eventually join the bats. Damian had joined at 10 years old and Drake joined at 13. And Dick had only been 8! Sure Daniel likely wouldn’t become a hero immediately, but it seemed inevitable. But he didn’t seem to want to? Damian couldn’t understand the line of thinking. Damian didn’t even have superpowers but he was a great Robin. Perhaps the best one there had ever been, in his opinion anyway. Maybe he would even hand the Robin mantle down to Daniel one day, but he would have to earn it. Why would Daniel shy away from his own greatness? It seemed paradoxical to Damian.

Watching the child, Damian notes that he seems more anxious than usual. When they pause for a moment in their shopping, it doesn’t escape him when Daniel begins to itch his lichtenberg scars on the seams of his face. Damian had noticed him do so several times before during his time at the manor and wondered why Grayson hadn’t addressed it. Perhaps Daniel had remaining pain in his scars? He could be in need of assistance. As Daniel itches, Damian first feels a pair of eyes upon them. He searches the store, vigilant for rogues and criminals, or perhaps paparazzi. But his search yields nothing. A few milling shoppers do focus on them though, looking at Daniel with his bright colorful crutches and his ugly scars. They look at him with pity. Damian scoffs to himself. Just because he is small, does not make him pitiable.

They head to a toy store, but Daniel is not very interested it seems. Damian can relate. When he first joined the family, several of his siblings had tried treating him like an average ten year old. But that was beneath Damian. It was frivolous to be interested in spending one’s time on hobbies, toys, or games. Damian had not been raised that way. He spent all his free time training, sparring, and working to better himself. Still, he found himself enjoying Titus’ company and the training that came with owning and raising a dog. He’d taken to reading extensively about how to properly raise a dog. It wouldn’t do for Titus to have poor manners, especially with how large he was going to become. And besides, Damian had noticed that Titus seemed particularly in tune with Daniel’s intangibility episodes before they even happened. If Damian could research and determine how to hone that instinct and skill, perhaps Damian could make a service dog out of Titus for Daniel. These days, it was how Damian spent all of his free time: socializing and training the dog.

Distantly, Damian wondered why he cared. Surely it must be so that Daniel was easier to keep safe. That would make Damian’s job and therefore his own life easier. That must be it.

When they approach the children’s books’ section of the toy store, several other shoppers look at Damian. A woman and her daughter look at him, puzzled. They cannot see Daniel on the other side of him, Grayson, and Pennyworth. Ah, they are wondering why a boy Damian’s age is shopping in such an infantile section. That must be the case. Damian’s cheeks burn a little. He was obviously too old to be here, he was 11. He hated when people assumed he was just a little kid. He was mature beyond his years. He was an assassin of the league of shadows. Or at least he had been. He was-

“Biscuit!” Daniel cries, likely louder than he intends. Several shoppers look again in their direction. Not being able to see a hidden Daniel, they must assume Damian was who spoke. They look at him quizzically. Damian wishes he could throttle them.

“Hey! I read that!” Daniel says, pulling on Pennyworth’s pant leg.

“Why M- Danny, I believe you did!” Pennyworth congratulates. Damian scoffs. Such an easy word to be proud over. It was sad how little education Daniel had. Still, at least he was making progress. He was quite determined in his lessons, rather than whining and complaining about them. Damian could respect the dedication. Perhaps if he pushed himself a bit further, he could achieve a higher reading level at a better pace. It would benefit Daniel to be beyond proficient in some form.

“Daniel, would you wish for something more of a challenge?” Damian asks quizzically. He could help him pick out something that would push him to better his skills. It was like sparring, like training. The more you pushed yourself to the limit, the faster you grew stronger.

“Damian, he is just now learning to read, give him a break. These are perfectly good books for him,” Grayson chides. Ugh. Grayson was going to ruin this child by spoiling him. And Daniel obviously had great potential. It was sad to see it wasted in parentage like sappy, soft Grayson. Still, Grayson had clearly provided Daniel with the emotional framework to recover from his trauma. 

Distantly, Damian wonders how differently he would be if he’d had someone who’d loved him growing up. He’d had his mother- Talia, but in the year since their separation he had come to learn that she had never really loved him. Not in the ways that mattered. She’d loved him as a weapon, and while Damian was proud of his accomplishments, he found himself wanting to be more than that. His new family were all dangerous and powerful, but they also had personal lives with people they loved. Damian wanted that too, but didn’t know how to forge those relationships and connections. But he had no one to ask, it would be too mortifying to ask them how to be good with people. He finds himself embarrassed, thoughts focused on the matter of his emotional shortcomings.

Suddenly, Damian senses someone watching them more intently once more. He stares into the crevices behind aisles, seeking his foe. If there were a rogue or criminal, they would be sorely mistaken attacking the store while Damian was inside. Moments pass as Grayson and Pennyworth pick out more books and Damian cannot find the source of his alertness. He remains vigilant, but turns back to the group. 

He realizes as Pennyworth picks out a last book that Daniel does not have a proper bag to carry any of this in once they are checked out and home with his new belongings. He peels off quickly to a rack nearby and selects a small green backpack for the boy. That will do for later. Especially if Daniel is to attend school eventually- proper school- he would need a backpack. Ugh Damian hoped Grayson didn’t plan to homeschool the child forever. Intelligent though Grayson was, Damian did not think he or Pennyworth would make for sufficient formalized education for the boy. Daniel deserved the best.

They make their way to a stuffed animal aisle where Grayson tries to point Daniel towards elephants and zebras. They no doubt remind him of his circus days with Haley’s circus. But Daniel is not interested. Daniel sinks himself to the floor and pulls out a stuffed animal- a poodle. Two patches of the fabric appear bleached white, one on its muzzle and one on its chest.

“Are you sure you want that one? It looks like it has a manufacturer’s error,” Damian points out factually. He isn’t sure if Daniel is observant enough to notice, even though it's plainly obvious if you compare this dog to the rest. So he points it out to help him. Daniel nods enthusiastically, clutching the puppy in his hands.

“Very well. Here,” Damian replies. He takes the puppy from a reluctant Daniel’s hands and loops the backpack around his shoulders backwards. He zips the puppy inside so it sticks out. This way, Daniel will be able to enjoy his new treasure while using his crutches. And besides, it was sweet the way Daniel had been holding the toy so gently and with so much care. Damian supposed zipping it in the bag entirely would make Daniel feel like the toy was smothered, even if it couldn’t truly breathe. So Damian played along with Daniel’s fancy. It was sweet. Damian was glad Daniel had picked a dog. He did seem rather taken with Titus. Maybe this meant Daniel would be amenable to Titus becoming his service dog if Damian could get him to that point with training. Not all dogs could make adequate service dogs, but Titus had seemed very intuitive and trainable thus far. He was glad he’d saved the dog from the same lunatics who’d experimented on Daniel. He was glad they’d saved Daniel as well of course.

Damian couldn’t shake that feeling of a pair of eyes on their party and he continued to scope the store, searching for the source. In the action hero aisle, Damian spots his mark. A man in his mid twenties peeks out behind an aisle, photographing them with what looks to be a professional camera.

Seriously? Even within a proper establishment, especially such a high end one, the paparazzi swarmed like rats. Where was the security? Well, Damian would have to do. He peeled off, feigning nonchalance. He walked down the adjacent aisle, pretending to be interested in merchandise. Then, he turned the corner and looped to where he stood behind the man, stealthily and silently. Damian takes a moment to appraise the man before making his presence known. He clearly intends to hide from the group, and he takes several pictures, zoomed in on Daniel. Damian frowns. The family had discussed this potential outcome- media discovering Daniel’s existence before they’d had the chance to fully forge Daniel’s identity and make a statement regarding what was to be his ‘adoption’ in the eyes of the law. Gordon had been working with Drake to falsify a different birth record to make him less traceable to the GIW. 

They’d chosen the name Danny Jamie Grayson. Damian didn’t think it was appropriate for anyone’s first name to actually be Danny and not Daniel. It was childish. And wasn’t Jamie a bit too close to James? Damian had suggested they choose a different name altogether. After all, Daniel was still so young, he could learn to accept a different name. Damian had read that dogs could easily be renamed with training. Why would a young child be any different?

The photographer adjusts his lens and Damian takes the opportunity to strike him in pressure points that Damian knows will incapacitate him, rendering him unconscious but not causing any long term damage. He knows his family would not approve of this method, but hey- he had gotten rid of the threat and he had done so without stooping to violence (or at least it wasn’t violence by Damian’s standards) or murder like Todd often did in certain scenarios. What more could they ask of Damian, really? Damian caught the man as he slumped to the floor to prevent injury, simultaneously grabbing the camera from his hands. He clicks through the camera, deleting images of him and his family.

Damian heads back to his family, who have now migrated to the puzzles and board games aisle where Drake and Brown have met them. Daniel was falling asleep, now in Grayson’s grip.

Good, Damian found himself thinking. Daniel was not one who was prone to restful sleep for long, often startling or screaming awake from nightmares. There had been nights when Grayson had a hard time convincing him to climb into bed at all, and even when he’d offered Daniel join him in his own room it had been difficult to convince him. Because of this, Daniel had taken to falling asleep in odd places at weird times, and often suddenly. It was like Drake would be if he didn’t have ungodly amounts of caffeine pumping through his veins constantly.

One time, Damian had found Daniel curled up on the floor outside his bedroom, face down on the floor. It looked like he was trying to get to his door. Damian had scooped him up and taken him to his own room, tucking him into his own bed. If Daniel insisted on falling asleep in random locations, he would develop a crick in his neck, flexible little kid or not. Damian could not have that. It would not improve the boy’s health. When he had deposited him in bed and pulled up the covers, Daniel had stirred in his sleep, reaching his arms around Damian in a loose sleepy hug.

“M’Jazz?” He had said. Damian had frozen on the spot. Who was Jazz? Or was it actually ‘M’Jazz’ like a martian name? That could perhaps lead credence to the alien theory. But Daniel hadn’t woken up to explain himself, simply falling away from his loose hug around the back of Damian’s neck, softly snoring and drool trailing from one side of his lips.

So with Daniel falling asleep on Grayson’s hip, Damian found himself pleased. That was good. The boy needed his sleep.

But then a click snapped Damian’s attention. What? There was no way the photographer had already-

Oh. Of course it hadn’t been the only one. Paparazzi often swarmed in droves.

“Yeah I think it’s time to go,” Drake says, urging the rest of them to quickly hurry towards the front of the store as a swarm of paparazzi step out from behind aisles. Seriously? Where was the security? Had the store’s staff been bribed? Waynes were usually at least safe within the confines of stores. It was the walking in between them when they were usually ambushed.

Daniel squirms in Grayson’s arms, likely picking between fight or flight. He blinks invisible for a millisecond. Not here, Damian thinks. If the press sees, they’d not only have to be explaining Daniel’s adoption, but explaining his meta status too, which might make his forged identity and adoption that much more complicated with the metahuman protection acts. Someone would come checking on him and discover that ‘Danny Jamie Grayson’ didn’t exactly exist before a few days ago. And it might attract attention from the GIW as well…

They hurry forward in a rush out of the store only to be confronted from paparazzi swarming outside the store as well.

“What do you have to say about the child’s obvious crippled status?”

“Is the white in his hair from trauma? Is he related to Jason Peter Todd?”

“Does Jason know about his replacement?”

“Is it true that Bruce purchased this child from a trafficking ring?”

“What is his name?”

“Kid, do you have anything to say about your new dad?”

“Why is Bruce taking in a new kid after he already has four children?”

“Is this one a bastard as well?”

“How old is he? Is this child Selina Kyle’s, CEO of Randolf Industries?”

“Why a child this young at Bruce’s age?”

WHAT? What was with the human trafficking question? That one had been entirely out of left field. Damian finds himself warring with indecision, desperately wanting to turn around and snap the neck of whoever insinuated that of his father. But finding it wiser to choose peace, especially around his family, he chooses to ignore.

And the way they referred to Daniel’s disabilities? Entirely senseless. Sure Todd had referred to him the same way, but he hadn’t realized it was a slur. That was just how people in crime alley talked. And he had apologized, promising not to use the term again. But these were people of the media. They were supposed to be trained in that type of social etiquette and knowledge!

 They finally make their way to the parking garage where Alfred helps lead them to where he’d parked. When they enter the garage, security finally steps in and saves them from paparazzi, blocking their path. Seriously? Where had they been five minutes ago? Damian makes a mental note to look into the matter and have someone’s head rolling. Well, he’ll at least have someone fired anyway.

Daniel’s face is grayish and his forehead is sweaty. Damien tells he is going to-

Damien rips Daniel from Grayson’s arms, swiftly removing the backpack and gently setting Daniel on the ground in a fluid, swift motion. Just in time for Daniel to vomit onto the pavement. Brown takes a rag from somewhere (seriously was she just carrying that around in her pocket?) and wipes at Daniel’s lips.

“Hey, Danny, you were so brave. It’s alright, it’ll be alright. Here,” Brown coos in comfort, gently picking up the boy in her arms. He cries, fat droplets falling down his cheeks. Damian removes the poodle from the backpack, returning it to Daniel’s pudgy hands. They pile into the car and Alfred drives away with them. Daniel transforms into the small fox like form he had been when Damian had first met him. Small antlers peak up from his head and large furry ears turn like satellites in the air, taking in every modicum of sound. The Danielfox shakes his starry wings and picks up the poodle in his snout like a mama cat with a kitten. He positions himself on top of the stuffed animal, almost as big as he is, and plops down upon it, almost instantaneously asleep.

Grayson begins to predictably but illogically blame himself for the incident and Drake comforts him. Brown focuses on petting the Danielfox gently across the backs of his fluffy ears and head. Damian focuses on Daniel’s breathing, slowed and relaxed once more. He must be dreaming. And for once, it must be a pleasant one, despite the events of the outing. 
Notes:

    There’s some Damian POV for you my Sweet Finches!! THANK YOU FOR MY FIRST FAN ARTS. They're in the comments in various chapters for those of you who'd like to see them! I love them <3 Next up: Clockwork POV. How do you all feel about the pacing right now? It's about to rev up.

Chapter 14: Clockwork's Hobson's Choice
Summary:

    We finally get some answers as to how Danny got from the Far Frozen to Gotham. Clockwork's POV.

Notes:

    Hobson’s Choice: a choice of taking what is available or nothing at all. An impossible decision with only one real option, as the alternative is unthinkable or impossible. TW: mentions and descriptions of vivisection, violence, and suicide.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 14: Clockwork’s Hobson’s Choice 

 

~~

Clockwork

~~

 

Clockwork was not as all powerful as many beings would have you believe. For one, he wasn’t completely omniscient or omnipresent. He had access to endless branches of the time stream, but he could not view every single one all at the same time. And stopping the passage of time itself put strain on the fabric of reality, so that was best to be used sparingly. It was his full time job: looking down branches of the universe and guiding reality down particular paths.

Clockwork’s primary obsession was time. But like all ghosts, there were many different ways his obsession could manifest. He could have been obsessed with history or documenting timelines, but Clockwork’s obsession had manifested as one of net positives and negatives- of balance. Clockwork used his temporal abilities to balance the universe between good and evil as much as possible. Truthfully, in the last thousands of years, his obsession had shifted more towards the positive outcomes than neutrality. But so many timelines were so negative, even with focusing on bringing as many positive outcomes to pass as possible, the universe often only reached neutrality. Still, this was fine and well. Neutrality was acceptable. It was pleasing enough to Clockwork’s core.

Another limitation to Clockwork was that he had to rely on artifacts at times to accomplish his work. It was why Longnow, his lair, held a workshop filled with gilded magical mirrors. His mirrors helped him to view time more clearly, and to view further down a particular branch of time than he could do on his own. To look into next week? Easy. To look three thousand years into the future? It was blurry without the use of his mirrors. And if there were a particular moment that branched into too many potential paths it could be difficult as well.

Clockwork had first become fascinated with a young Daniel James Fenton many years ago. He had just finished righting a particularly nasty paradox and as a treat to himself, he was looking down timelines of his own existence for things to come. Every once in a while, it was nice to see what lay ahead for him. Who wouldn’t want to view their own future from time to time? He enjoyed a vision of a day where his sister Nephrys, ghost of death and change, would come to visit with cookies. He viewed another day where his good friend Nocturne, ghost of dreams, would come and they would discuss the most wild of dreams he had seen or those he had cultivated himself. Both of these visits would be pleasant, a welcome break in his existence-consuming task of maintaining the timestream.

But then he had stumbled upon a branch of time with Daniel James Fenton in his life. This particular timeline was not the one that had eventually come to pass. Clockwork could not allow it. Too many negative outcomes. They had nothing to do with Daniel, like the occurrence of world war three or the sinking of New Zealand to the bottom of the ocean, but they were things that would have happened in that path of reality nonetheless. Still, Clockwork had found himself viewing this reality with Daniel for his own amusement. It was sad that he would not get to enjoy this timeline himself in reality, but he could appreciate its beauty anyway.

Clockwork watched the never memories play out: Daniel James Fenton’s parents’ ghost portal was turned on accidentally, and Daniel had become a halfa like he did in nearly every reality. But in this one, Daniel’s parents, sister, and friends had all perished in a massive explosion, leaving Daniel alone. In this version of reality, Clockwork had taken the halfa child in. He had done so to prevent Dan.

In the never memories in his gilded mirrors, Clockwork watched as Daniel became a proper grandson to him. They lived together in longnow, as Daniel had no lair of his own (still being half alive). They ate together and spoke together. Daniel snarked at him and joked with him. Clockwork saw himself… laughing … in this version of reality, something he didn’t truly think himself capable of. He was a more stoic ghost, always had been, but in this reality, Clockwork had a booming shaking laugh thanks to Daniel.

In this reality, Daniel had formed not with an ice core, but a temporal one. It was the only reality in which this was the case. In these never memories he watched, Daniel became his apprentice, and then his partner in the maintenance of the universe.

Clockwork never felt overburdened with his duties- after all, this was his primary obsession, his reason for existing in the first place. Still, something pulled at his core watching this version of himself work side by side with a companion who eventually grew to be equally as powerful as himself.

But that timeline could not come to be. Clockwork’s obsession would not allow him to choose it, an overwhelmingly negative balance of outcomes and all. So he watched the never memories over and over again, finding himself delighting in them anyway and getting to know that version of Daniel like the back of his gloved hand.

Eventually, the time came to actually meet Daniel. Clockwork marveled at how such a banal decision such as cheating on an exam could end up in such a massive fork in the road of time. One that could eventually led to the destruction of Daniel’s family, friends, and Mr. Lancer, and the formation of Dan in yet another branch of time. In the destruction of countless earthen governments and countless deaths at Dan’s hands. How such a small effect could ripple into massive tidal waves- it never ceased to amaze him. Clockwork had stepped in to guide reality away from that path. In doing so, he finally got to introduce himself to young Daniel.

After those events, Daniel had sought him out in Longnow to thank him for his help, and they eventually led to more regular visits. A pun about ‘grandfather clocks’ led to Daniel’s nickname of the time ghost: ‘Grandfather’. And then with time, it became less of a nickname and more of their relationship. It made Clockwork’s core hum with pleasure to have such a position. 

Clockwork, like most ancients, had a great number of obsessions. His primary, of course, was the maintenance of neutrality or positive outcomes within the universe. But he had secondaries as well: clock building, and spy glasses chief among them. Clockwork eventually formed another secondary obsession surrounding his grandson: Daniel’s happiness.

Now, Clockwork often spends his precious little free time looking into when it is most likely that Daniel will next visit Longnow. That way, Clockwork can make sure to untangle as many paradoxes as possible just beforehand so that their visit could be long and uninterrupted. Clockwork often made sure to have refreshments and treats for his grandson. Daniel’s favorites were lemonade: as sour as you could make it, and cranberry orange muffins, freshly baked.

Clockwork re enters Longnow via a swirling green portal, returning from a trip into the past to unwind a paradox. Job done and obsession satisfied, Clockwork glides in the air to his gilded mirror, ghostly tail tapering behind him. He has a moment to check upon his grandson, his favorite activity. Maintaining Daniel’s happiness and safety always soothes his core at the end of a long day.

He watches his grandson in his gilded mirrors: he is at the Nasty Burger with Samantha, Tucker, and Valerie. They laugh, joke, and eat their fill. Clockwork’s core purrs with contentment at Daniel’s glowing happiness. He fast forwards his mirrors, looking into the near future. Daniel continues to have a very good week. Clockwork smiles at a vision of Daniel passed out face first onto his bed, drool collecting on his pillow. He hadn’t even changed out of his clothes into pajamas, he had been so exhausted. His grandson works so hard to protect his haunt. Clockwork is very proud of him. His core beams.

But then, Clockwork comes upon a moment in the forest where he goofs off with his friends. GIW stalks him from behind a thick tree. Clockwork watches many branches of reality that stem from the moment. In many branches that follow, Daniel is captured by the GIW. He is tortured in one, made into a horrific living power source in another. In yet another, the GIW enlists the Dr.s Fenton to study his physiology. They ended up completing a laryngectomy amongst other horrors upon Daniel. Clockwork is particularly hateful of universes where his own parents could be so cruel. In most timelines, the Fentons were only perhaps a bit clueless, but still extremely loving and good parents. In other timelines…. they were pure evil. Clockwork had made it his mission to steer reality towards the loving branches of time as best as he could and he had done a relatively good job so far. He had influenced things so that the Fentons missed Phantom in their hunt, so much so that they were believed to have the most terrible aim. In reality, it was Clockwork helping make them miss.

Clockwork floats at his mirrors, playing out infinite realities where the GIW performs various different forms of torture on his grandson. He watches and watches and allows his core to clench in horror. He must study them in order to learn how to prevent each and every one. He soothes his core by reminding himself that these realities have not yet come to pass. Clockwork can prevent them. Clockwork spends days neglecting his other duties to study these branches of Daniel’s near future. He has to prevent these. Daniel’s happiness is too important. Clockwork works tirelessly until he finds a sufficient out!

Clockwork lures Vladimir Masters into the same forest, disguising himself as Daniel and flying there before portaling back to Longnow and transforming back into himself. He watches his gilded mirrors, observing possible pathways of time from this point. A large majority of them end in no GIW capture at all and Daniel can go on with his half life as usual. Clockwork can’t ensure what will happen past this point, but at least the probabilities of Daniel’s capture are infinitesimal. Clockwork relaxes, letting his tail curl beneath him in a semblance of sitting criss crossed if he had legs. His core sags in relief as tension floods away like water from silt in one’s hands.

Clockwork has dedicated so much time to ensuring Daniel’s safety that he realizes there are several paradoxes now rearing their ugly heads. With an uneasy glance at his mirrors, Clockwork decides that it is safe to let reality play out. If he does not leave to correct these paradoxes, reality could fold in upon itself and they would have bigger problems than the GIW anyway. He can take satisfaction in knowing that the odds of Daniel suffering at the hands of the GIW based on the events in that clearing are now nil to none. Clockwork can always come back once his paradox work is completed to continue to ensure his grandson’s safety and therefore happiness.

Clockwork travels into the past to unwind more paradoxes.

When he returns to Longnow in the present, he instinctively feels something is wrong with Daniel, deep in his core. Oh no, what happened? Which branch of reality had played out in his absence? The odds were so low… How long has he been in the past? Sometimes such massive time travel was tricky and confusing.

Clockwork flings himself to his mirrors and allows himself to watch. To his horror, the GIW event in the woods did lead to a capture in his absence, but not Daniel’s. Clockwork had been so focused on ensuring Daniel had remained free, that he had not thought to check into Vladimir’s survival. He was such a powerful halfa, it didn’t seem possible. 

Clockwork had not thought Vladimir capable of such selflessness, of such concern for his grandson. He was a villain in Daniel’s life much more than he was an ally. But Clockwork watched what had transpired in his absence: Vladimir had been positioned in the clearing as well, per Clockwork’s meddling. This was meant to instigate a battle that would take Daniel and Vlad far from the GIW, or alert Daniel presence before it was too late. Clockwork watches.

Daniel, believing he is alone, transforms into Phantom. The GIW, hidden from view, moves to shoot an ectonet at the unsuspecting ghost boy. Vladimir, having seen what was to transpire, transforms himself into Plasmius and intercepts the blast. He allows himself to be captured in Daniel’s place, saving him from countless horrendous timelines. Clockwork had not thought this outcome likely in the slightest. He had not thought Vlad capable of this selflessness…

Clockwork continues to watch events that have already played out in horror. Vladimir is, to put it plainly, disemboweled. Strung up upon a wall in a GIW base to study how far they can stretch his physical form before he begins to struggle to hold corporeality. These ‘scientists’ study him, his core, and its’ limits. They remove organs and record how fast they grow back, which appears to be an agonizingly slow process. They remove organs and meddle with them to see if it will still affect the body they were absent from: it does. And it is unshockingly tortuous. They expose Plasmius’ core to the air, a vulnerable and anxiety provoking position to be in for a ghost. They pry Plasmius apart and hold him open with hooks and chains and pins, clipping observational devices to his exposed bones to monitor changes to his core.

Clockwork watches these events that have already transpired in his absence. Vladimir breaks on day four of his captivity. His eyes grow glassy and he stops fighting when ‘scientists’ enter to rearrange his insides like refolding an origami project. Clockwork has never once felt such immense sympathy for the man. In so many timelines, Vladimir causes Daniel immense physical and emotional trauma. But in this vein of reality, Clockwork had prevented the worst of it. This version of Vlad had done bad things, yes, but he had never deeply hurt Clockwork’s grandson. Not nearly as much as he could have. And no one deserved this.

Clockwork has seen enough. He motions to rewind time so that he can change events, preventing this from occurring instead.

The images in the mirrors do not change. Time did not rewind. The air grows stale.

He tries again.

Nothing. 

His core plummets in mood. The smell of dread coats his senses, thick and dark and slightly of wet mint and thyme.

Clockwork is not as powerful as many beings would have you believe. One of his limitations is that the universe itself holds the final power over the timestream. Clockwork can tinker with time and untangle knots and paradoxes, but there are certain keystone moments which Clockwork may not touch, may not rewind. Events that even when he tries with all his might and all the power of his temporal core, he may not change or prevent. There were keystone moments fixed to happen whether he liked them or not. He often didn’t recognize a keystone until it came to pass. They were tricky to spot.

And apparently, he came across one now. For the universe would not allow him to rewind Vlad’s torture. If only he had not been in the past unwinding paradoxes … He tries to reason with himself but it is fruitless. If this is truly a keystone, it was meant to happen no matter what and Clockwork had no agency to change this. He continues to watch, now with a deeper sense of dread.

NO.

NO.

Not his grandson. Not his Daniel. Please cosmos, no!

Clockwork watches, catching up to the present. A present where Daniel has just melted in Samantha Manson’s lap, destabilizing and leaving behind an exposed core.

Clockwork is a very stoic being- an Ancient as old as the universe itself. He does not fall to heightened emotions often. But at this moment, he sobs, loud and ringing throughout Longnow. He sobs loudly because his grandson is about to die permanently and he despairs he may not be able to stop it. His taste washes with salt and bitterness and his vision tints pinkish. Despair.

Sure there is the chance that Daniel would return as a full ghost, but this path of life and death had never been walked before. Halfas were rare and Clockwork did not know what would happen. It was still possible Daniel would disappear altogether. A final death. Vladimir, who has just been the first Halfa death in history, has not yet reformed as a full ghost. He may still yet- some ghosts took as long as a year after their death to form, but Clockwork was not sure if he would. And emotionally? Clockwork was too unfocused to use his temporal abilities to check.

Clockwork would not allow this to come to pass. He could not. He would not. If he cannot rewind these events, he will save Daniel himself!

Clockwork throws himself through a portal, turning intangible and invisible. The observants hold some power over him in the court of spirits, and Clockwork knows they disapprove of his active meddling, especially when it comes to his grandson. He transports himself, undetectable, to the specter speeder.

As instantly as the last of Daniel’s corporeal form melts away, Clockwork arrives and cups his hands around the small frosty core. He channels his ectoplasm into Daniel’s core, feeding it desperately to try to ensure it does not fade away to the great beyond. He holds Daniel a few inches off of Sam’s lap, trying to keep Daniel from the warmth of her legs. Daniel is an ice core ghost, and warmth is not healthy for his already tragically vulnerable core. The aurora borealis in Daniel’s core flickers and dances, congregating to the bottom where Clockwork cups it in his palms and feeds it energy. It concentrates into a small bruise, but it anchors the core, preventing it from fading.

Clockwork follows the party, clutched invisibly around Daniel as they arrive in the Far Frozen. When Chief Frostbite lunges to grab Daniel’s core, Clockwork lets him. The yeti doctor will be able to feed ectoplasm to Daniel’s core just as efficiently. And being another ice core ghost, perhaps even moreso.

Clockwork follows, his mind reeling with anxiety and frantic panic. His core is a wild stag, heart beating wildly in a rush through a valley as it flees a predator. Clockwork does not possess a heart himself. Being a ghost formed from the ether itself rather than from the death of a human, he never has had one to begin with. But the way his core beats in a mad dash, he is able to imagine what a heart attack may feel like. 

He isn’t able to focus on viewing any futures. If he allows himself to become distracted and Daniel dies for good? Clockwork will never forgive himself. He may even try to find a way to end himself. It would be better knowing the entire universe had shredded itself apart in his absence than continuing on knowing he’d failed to save Daniel. Good , let them all know how he felt in his grief for Daniel, his precious grandson. But no, thankfully that would not need to happen. Daniel is submerged in a tank of light blue icy ectoplasm and he forms into an Uilnow.

Safe.

Unfaded.

Clockwork sighs deeply in relief. Daniel is alive. He’s survived. He’ll be safe. Clockwork puzzles a bit over this form. He would have expected Daniel to form into the child version of his human- or perhaps even of his phantom- self. Uilnows were exceedingly rare, neverborn ghosts like himself born from the emotions of fear and protection. They were regarded similar to child ghosts, revered and sacred. 

Precious, a gift. 

Uilnows were sacred in particular to several ghost realms, including the Far Frozen and Ancient Greece. His close friend and chosen sister Pandora had once told him of their significance in her lands. To the Greeks, Uilnows symbolized great change and personal transformation. To the yetis in the Far Frozen, Clockwork knew they symbolized innocence and pureness of heart. Uilnows had the reputation of bringing out the best in those around them, and their songs were believed to be able to heal the sick in rare cases of ectoplasmic corruption.

Clockwork cannot see the future from the medical hut in the Far Frozen. This is a time when reality bends in so many different branches that he will need his mirrors to focus his vision. The anxiety in his core does nothing to help. There are too many paths that viewing any one on his own has become hazy. Still, one vision does come to him unbidden where Samantha Manson becomes ill due to the intense chill of the far frozen and her soaked clothing. Clockwork absentmindedly materializes a large blanket over the trio and places hot chocolate in their hands before returning to Longnow to preside over his mirrors. It would not do for his friends to be in poor health when he recovers. His protective core would be outraged and young Daniel would most surely blame himself.

In Clockwork’s mirrors, he sees that Daniel will recover. By the cosmos , he will recover. Clockwork’s relief is immense. Indescribable. He takes comfort watching realities play out, leading to Daniel’s full recovery. More sighs of relief.

Clockwork almost decides to move from his mirrors, but allows himself to check the time branches a second time. He allows himself to play each out a bit further than last time. It is a good thing he does. Clockwork’s core plummets again. It is a skydiver nosediving to the earth and then realizing that their chute won’t open. Panic sets in.

WHY.

Why is it that every single one of these realities where Daniel heals from this, devastating results eventually follow??? In the first reality Clockwork checks, Daniel heals from this, resumes normal life, but it turns to one of the times his parents vivisect him. In another, Daniel heals from this, but then his loved ones die tragically and he becomes Dan again.

Clockwork frantically allows each of these realities to play out further and they’re all the same. They all start with his grandson healing, but then events dissolve to despair sooner or later. Was there no hope? No reality where Daniel might achieve some degree of peace and happiness that would be long standing? Clockwork curses inwardly. Why did the universe hate his grandson so much???? Was there not a single avenue Clockwork could point the timestream to where Daniel would be happy????

But then, as he is beginning to lose hope, a bright shining light at the end of a long dark tunnel. A reality where Daniel does ultimately end up happy.

But oh. He will have to suffer to get there. And he will be separated from his friends and family. But…. his friends and family will still be safe…. And Danny will be safe…. And he will end up happy eventually. Was this truly the only favorable outcome??? 

What was better: fully healing only for his life to fall to devastation, or remaining unwhole, ill, but achieving genuine happiness? Daniel’s happiness. There was his answer.

Clockwork makes himself check over his gilded mirrors again and again and again through all branches of time from this event. They continue to confirm. Death. Torture. Depression. Suicide. Vivisection. Madness. Devastation. World Ending. The horrible fates that await his grandson in these branches of time repeat before his eyes in a blinding whirl. But one stands out. That shining light.

Hurt, yes. Pain, yes. But ultimately? Family. Love. Life. Passion. Happiness . This was the only choice. The only option for his grandson.

Clockwork has been checking these futures all night and in that time, Daniel has been able to intake quite a large portion of the ice-ecto in the tank, regaining some of his strength.

Clockwork’s core is heavy with sadness, thick and viscous like tree sap dripping from a tap. His mouth tastes of maple, too sickeningly sweet, and his nose fills with a stench of rot. Emotions in his core mottle his senses with synesthesia, as is the way for ghosts. Clockwork rips a portal into the air. This one is small, not much bigger than his hands. Haltingly, he reaches his hands inside, portalling directly into the ectoplasmic vat in the Far Frozen containing Daniel. He reaches spindley gloved and watched hands through and pulls them back into Longnow, lifting a small, fragile Uilnow.

Clockwork had not seen an Uilnow in person until now, but he knows Daniel is a younger one. He is no more than 6 pounds, perhaps the size of a chihuahua. His fluffy voluminous tail is light blue, ending in a white tip. Small baby antlers sprout from the top of his head and a pair of fluffy owl’s wings sprout from his back. The undersides are a deep night blue, speckled with starry white flecks. Uilnow Daniel remains mostly limp in his hands, raising a small head with effort to look up at Clockwork with pained and bleary eyes that glow an intense ectoplasmic green.

Sadness and a feeling of immense regret envelop Clockwork’s core. It is the feeling of being thrown hard onto one’s back onto the ground, knocking air out of one’s lungs. The taste is biting like cold metallic water. An unpleasant vibration buzzes in Clockwork’s core. But there is no other option for his grandson. This is Hobson's choice. Purplish tears track down Clockwork’s bluish face in a rare appearance. He gently floats through his lair in Longnow, feeding Daniel ectoplasmic energy to encourage continued healing. He curls his fingers in such a way to support the weak Daniel’s head. Daniel leans into the touch, lowly and softly purring in the embrace of his grandfather. Clockwork’s tears stream faster and harder like daggers down his cheeks.

Daniel won’t understand why Clockwork had allowed him to fall into the hands of Gotham Intergenic Works in another dimension. He has no temporal powers, and cannot see all the infinite realities that Clockwork had spiraled and searched down. Daniel won’t be able to recognize this as Clockwork’s Hobson’s choice. Clockwork convinces himself that Daniel will hate him. Who could forgive the one about to send him to so much pain and suffering at the hands of such evil? But to preserve Daniel’s eventual happiness? The shining light at the end of the tunnel that Clockwork had seen? It was no contest. He would rather be hated, to forfeit the only family he had ever known if it meant ensuring Daniel’s happiness.

“Daniel,” Clockwork speaks in Daniel’s language of English. He knows the little Uilnow does not understand him now, but that he will with time and in dreaming memory. It is better if it takes him time to understand, rather than hearing it all at once. Let his boy process first.

“I’m so sorry, Daniel,” Clockwork starts again, sadly and shakily, “I am so sorry. Forgive me,” He laments. “I have never wanted to shake the universe apart and let it fall to ribbons as much as I do for you. But I cannot.” At ‘cannot’, Clockwork’s voice hitches, a sob escaping his throat and distorting his words, “This must come to pass. I- I love you my grandson,” he says, holding the Uilnow in his clock tower. Ticking of clocks reverberates around them and in his own chest. He shifts from young to old as his emotions smother over him. Sadness. Regret. The feeling of unchangeable whim. Clockwork opens a portal and sends Daniel through it. Right into the heart of Gotham Intergenic Works. It is the necessary catalyst to propel him towards that shining light at the end of the tunnel.

Clockwork glides to the floor of his lair, allowing himself to settle physically onto the floor for once. He places his head in his hands and sobs harder than he ever has before. It has been done.
Notes:

    I am a sucker for Clockwork=protective parental figure roles in fics. Mortified by Marsilias is one of my favorite DP fics by far (one of the first I read too!) and I reference their OC Nephrys (at least I’m pretty sure it's their OC!) Clearly I hate myself and want to make Clockwork suffer, apparently. Hopefully this chapter wasn’t too too confusing to read or follow. I went a bit eldritch-y and all encompassing with Clockwork’s perspective. To all who have been confused about how Danny ended up in Gotham: Clockwork didn’t want to send Danny there, but due to his knowledge of the timestream, it was the only timeline where Danny does eventually achieve happiness and the world is also kept in neutrality or goodness, per Clockwork’s primary obsession. Thoughts on this chapter? As always my Sweet Finches, I live off the comments to please ask questions, point out what you liked, hated, and/or want! Predictions are fun and I love them as well. <3 If you are confused and do have questions ask away and I will try to help!!! Also would y'all want me to add chapter summaries to individual chapters?

Chapter 15: Birthday Party
Summary:

    It's Danny's Birthday! Or is it? Danny isn't sure. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 15: Birthday Party

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

It’s been about a week since the paparazzi event. Danny hasn’t left the Manor since, but the Manor is so huge it doesn’t feel confining at all. He’s been focusing a lot on his physical therapy exercises and Iris has been coming a couple days a week to help, checking over the progress in specific muscle groups and working them out with a roller to help. Danny didn’t like the roller much- it was a little painful, but he felt so good afterwards that he powered through it. Danny had overheard Papa talking to Bruce about his progress and had mentioned that Dr. Leslie was going to be coming soon to check up on his core again.

 

Now It’s the evening and most of the family congregates in a massive sitting room. ANOTHER sitting room! There were so many in Wayne manor. Danny’s mood is bright. He’d slept and had an actual good dream for once. It was perhaps a bit sad. It had been the time ghost again, and this time Danny was faintly sure he’d heard the entire conversation this time. The ghost had apologized- said he’d rather shake the universe to ribbons than let anything bad happen to him. It was sad that Clockwork had been so sad, but Danny was touched to be so loved by the ghost. So overall, Danny decided it was a good dream. At least it hadn’t been scary like they often were.

Danny sits on his papa’s lap, who locks arms around his middle a bit too sternly for Danny’s taste. But Danny recognizes that this is from protectiveness, and allows himself to be shackled to his lap. Protectiveness is good.

Alfred, Tim, Damian, Stephanie, and even Jason sit in various chairs and on several couches circled around a wide circular marble table. Jason had surprised his family by visiting with regular frequency. Apparently this wasn’t usual for him or had not been in a long time. It seemed that since his pit rage was cured, he was more comfortable around the Bat fam again. Danny had overheard him confess to Papa in a particularly deep conversation that he had been afraid for years that he would snap and kill one of them. That and all the tension with Bruce was the main reason he had stayed away so adamantly for years. Now, it seemed, he wanted to mend things. Jason and Bruce still shared very few words and mostly avoided eye contact, but their auras were less tense when they occupied the same room. They used to be crackling with lightning, which was always a very negative impression for Danny, but now it was more like static electricity. The tension between the two was more subdued and they seemed on a good path in their relationship. This makes Danny glad. He doesn’t want any of his new family fighting.

On the table sit several wrapped boxes with bows and ribbons. It looks like a birthday party. Bruce enters then, shutting down a tablet in his hand and placing it on a side table. Danny hasn’t seen Bruce in a few days and has been wondering if he’s mad with Danny. He seeks his core out to meet Bruce’s aura. Tiredness and discontentment. Some frustration. The impression of a wildcat pacing back and forth in a zoo enclosure too small for it. Wanting to run, wanting to pounce. Waiting in anticipation for… something. It’s the sensation of a weight pulling a balloon down to earth and anchoring it solidly but the balloon strains to climb into the stratosphere. Danny can tell this frustration isn’t directed at him. Perhaps work has just been super busy? Bruce does seem to work an awful large amount of the time. Danny yearns to crawl over to Bruce’s lap, to press his core up against Bruce’s chest and comfort him in any way that he can. But Danny is a little too content in Dick’s lap in his hug shackles to actually move to leave.

Last to enter is a woman in a wheelchair with red hair bound at the nape of her neck in a bun. She wears large round thin-rimmed glasses and a warm smile. She reminds Danny of someone, but he cannot place who. But he’s pretty sure that someone doesn’t wear glasses or put their hair up, so it can’t be them. Danny cannot pull his eyes away from the woman regardless. His core seeks out her aura but it isn’t the feel he is expecting. The person this woman reminds him of has a different aura. Danny remembers the smell of baked banana bread, the taste of spinach and mint. The feeling like an over-large umbrella hovering above and keeping the rain from falling on one’s shoulders and head.  But this woman isn’t that. She’s more like… horses grazing in a pasture and a focus sharp and clear. Her aura smells like petrichor and she puts off a feeling of security that Danny finds comfortingly akin to protectiveness. But she isn't Jazz. Jazz? He can’t seem to remember her but Danny remembers her name now. She was his… what was she to him?

“Good! Now that we’re all here, well, besides Cass and Duke, but they’re out of the country right now- You’ll meet them soon! Well, now that we’re all here, we can start,” Papa speaks in that babbling halting way of his, unable to finish one thought before another bursts through mid-sentence.

“Grayson, you’ve failed to introduce Gordon,” Damian interjects, noticing how Danny stares at the new person. Danny looks away, blushing a little. He’s gotten better about fighting the urge to turtle into his shirt, but he wishes to do so at this moment. It’d probably been rude to stare and he’d been caught.

“Oh, right I forgot you haven’t met Babs yet! She’s been so busy with work and the adoption papers this week, she hasn’t had the chance to stop by. Danny,” Papa says, gesturing to the woman, “This is Barbara Gordon. She’s like an older sister to me and a daughter to Bruce. She was never officially adopted because she was already 19 when she became Batwoman, but she’s family like the rest of us. She’s Oracle now,” he explains. Papa had given up trying to hide secret identities from Danny. He’d know immediately upon meeting Barbara in hero form anyway. They’d had a long conversation about secret identities and not telling anyone. Danny had been annoyed. Duh. Not telling anyone was how secret identities worked. He wasn’t stupid. Danny could keep a secret.

Danny is confused. He remembers the action hero aisle in the store and Batwoman had been standing. Where had her wheelchair been? It seemed rude for the toy people to get it wrong.

“But if Barbara is Batwoman, where was Batwoman’s wheelchair at the store? In the hero aisle?” Danny asks.

“You can’t just ask people why they’re in a wheelchair Danny. That’s rude,” Jason points out, a little proud of himself for getting to come to Barbara’s defense.

“That’s not what I asked! I asked why Batwoman didn’t have a wheelchair if Barbara does. I never asked why,” Danny is annoyed. He knew better than to ask a person why they were in a wheelchair at the very least. He wasn’t sure how he knew but he did.

“Oh,” Jason is taken back a bit and his face furrows in thought. Danny did have a point there , he seems to think. “Well, Barbara used to be Batwoman but she is Oracle now. Batwoman didn’t have a wheelchair but Oracle does. But Oracle is more of a behind the curtains kind of hero, she doesn’t have any action figures because no one knows what she looks like,” Jason explains. Oh. That makes sense. Danny accepts this easily. 

“Thanks Jace,” Barbara says, ruffling her younger brother’s hair. She’s wheeled up beside his couch, positioning herself within the circle. Jason grumbles, raking fingers through his hair to fix his curly mop back into place. 

“Chum, I don’t know if you know, but today is actually your birthday,” Bruce says with that small slightly- sad smile of his. Oh OH. It was February 12th? But it wasn’t cold outside?

“It’s February 12th?” Danny says confused. This elicits some confused glances between the adults themselves.

“...No, it’s November 7th. Your birthday is November 7th Danny,” Tim supplies. Hmm, Danny was faintly sure February 12th was his birthday, but Tim always seemed to know more than Danny so he supposes he must be right.

“Oh… OH . Soitsmybirthday???” Danny says, the realization dawning on him. He’d thought that the table looked like a birthday party. Was this a birthday party for him???

Auras in the room chimed with amusement at Danny’s excitement but the attention did nothing to quell it for once. He wasn’t sure he’d ever had a right proper birthday party. Certainly not one with this many presents or this much family in one room before. He had the faint impression his birthday was usually forgotten by his last family.

In the last week, he’d had more dreams that focused around the woman that Barbara reminded him of. And of two adults in teal and orange and two teens in black and red. He can’t remember their names (except he remembers Jazz’s now) and they’re blurry in his mind when he is awake. Were they his last family? That seems to be the case, but why did he have an old family and a new one at all? Danny’s confusion is frustrating. He seems to just know stuff but at the same time never knows anything. He’s thought about asking Papa multiple times but doesn’t want Papa to be sad that he has a different father. Had? Ugh Danny just wishes he knew what all of this was about.

“Yes,” Papa says with a little laugh, placing a kiss to the top of his Danny prisoner’s head, breaking him from thoughts. His hug around Danny’s middle squeezes slightly. Danny kicks his legs a little. His confusion has melted away to excitement and his excited energy has to go somewhere. Danny’s sure if he doesn’t expel it somehow he might end up accidentally using his powers. He’s making too much progress in physical therapy and with his core to risk that now. He’d been worried being an Uilnow in the car after the Paparazzi would have put him back but it doesn’t seem to have so far. Still, they’d agreed it’d still be best to try not to use his powers for a time if he could help it.

Titus nuzzled Danny’s legs at the edge of Papa’s lap. Danny wanted to reach down and pet him, but his arms were too short and Papa’s hug still held him firmly in place. Damian frowns at Titus. What? I like him here! He can stay! Danny thinks, hoping Damian doesn’t recall the dog. He doesn’t, instead pulling out a small notebook and writing something inside. He writes and then he stands, leaving the circle for a moment to retrieve something that Danny cannot see.

“Would you like to pick out your first present?” Stephanie asks. Oh YES. Danny very much wants to do just that. But where is Penguin? He realizes belatedly that if all his family is here for his party, she should be here too.

“Oh yes! But where’s…” Before Danny can finish, something soft black and furry hits him softly with a ‘whap’ right on his forehead before sliding into his lap. Oh yay! It’s his poodle!

“Damian, stop throwing projectile weapons at the Baby,” Barbara-Babs scolds.

“I’d hardly call a stuffed dog a projectile weapon,” Damian says with a sniff and the rise of an eyebrow.

“I think anything in your hands can constitute a projectile weapon,” Tim mumbles under his breath, but still audibly to all in attendance.

“I’ll show you projecti-” Damian says, lifting slightly from his chair readying to fling himself at his brother, but Bruce on the other side pushes him back down into his chair with a firm hand on his shoulder and a dark expression. 

Danny holds his poodle, satisfied and core humming. “Thank you Uncle Dames,” he says brightly with a smug grin, using the nickname he has heard Papa use before. He knows exactly what Damian will say and he’s right.

“My name is Damian, Not Dames.”

“One word: Daniel,” Danny says, placing one finger out in front of him and then pointing it at Damian “Dames” Wayne.

“He’s right Dames, if you can call him Daniel, he can call you whatever he likes,” Papa says in support.

“And besides,” Babs starts, “his legal name is actually Danny now, so by your own rules, it makes more sense for you to call him Danny,” Babs points out.

“By that logic I can call him Grayson. That’s legally his name now too…” Damian snarks.

“Ah but how will you tell us apart?” Papa says with a mad smirk, “after all we look exactly alike! With the same name, no one will ever be able to know who’s who!” With that, Papa buries his nose into the top of Danny’s head, nuzzling his hair while tickling Danny’s middle. This sends Danny into a mad fit of giggles. Oh papa’s aura is blinding with laughter, which is only reinforced by Danny’s own core burbling in delight. Papa’s aura is a disco ball swinging, sparkling and glittering catching rainbowish beams of light and casting them outward.

“You do realize you share no biological connection. We already determined he is not a clone-”

“Oookay, who’s ready for presents?” Stephanie interrupts Damian, derailing from what was starting to head towards the negative topic of Danny’s past. She stands from her chair and picks up a present- a little bag with a large pink bow, and hands it to Danny.

“No fair, let the kid pick his own present!” Tim cries incredulously. He’s careful not to spill the mug of coffee that always seems permanently nestled in his hands. Steph sticks a tongue out at him.

Danny plucks at the end of the bow, feeling its silkiness between his fingers. It's soft and the light catches on it creating a band of shininess that ripples with the movement of the ribbon. Very carefully and very gently, Danny unties the ribbon. 

Peeling aside the ribbon and opening the bag, he reaches inside to grab a little handheld device. Oh, they’re walkie talkies! Kinda like the coms that all the bat heroes use. Danny doesn’t want to be a hero, but it doesn’t mean he can’t enjoy playing hide and seek and using the walkie talkies. He smiles down at them, trying already to turn the dials and sync the frequencies between them.

“Ah a natural spy I see,” Alfred intones with a smile. Danny pauses. Oh no, did they think he was an evil spy? But with a glance to Alfred’s face and a check of his aura, Danny can tell his mood is soft and amused. Oh, he must have some positive experiences with spies. Weird, Danny was pretty sure spies were usually bad guys, but whatever! If Alfred wanted to play spies Danny can do that!

“What do you say?” Papa nudges Danny.

What? Oh. Oops. Danny hadn’t meant to be rude.

“Oh Thank you Stephny.” With that, Stephanie’s face breaks into the widest grin.

“AWE he is so cute he can’t even say my name right!” Her face pouts into a little puppy dog expression and Tim elbows her in her bicep.

“He’s right there. Talk to him- not about him you weirdo.”

“Oh sorry Danny! You’re welcome! We can play heroes sometime!” Papa gently takes them from Danny’s hands, putting them back in the bag and aside for safe keeping.

“Would you like to pick your next one Danny?” Papa says, rubbing a hand across Danny’s little chest. Danny’s core purs. Stephanie looks like she’s about to lose it again but Tim wrestles her into remaining silent. Can she hear him purring? Danny suddenly feels a bit shy again. Butterbiscuits, why did he have to be so dang small? Is that why so much attention feels so overwhelming all of the time? Danny isn’t sure if that’s it, but decides to operate under that assumption.

He looks to the table of gifts, which suddenly looks a bit more like a mountain than it had seemed before.

Danny is almost finished opening his presents. He’d not known which presents were from who at first, but he was able to pick them out pretty quickly by the way each family member looked at a particular gift when he went to pick one out. He was saving Papa’s for last.

Jason’s gift had been a collection of beautifully bound classic literature. Babs’ had been several board games and card games she said she could teach him to play. Bruce had gotten him a little pirate ship set that was both a puzzle to put together and a toy in and of itself. In the same box had been a how to book about origami with some folding paper attached inside. 

 

When it had been time to open Alfred’s gift, the largest box, Danny had faced a conundrum. Penguin was on his lap and the box was too big for the both of them. He didn’t want Penguin to get squished. Danny had taken Penguin, turned around, and balanced her on one of his Papa’s shoulders. 

 

“Can you keep her safe for me?” He’d asked. Papa had blushed, but agreed with a nod. One of his aunts and uncles had taken a picture and muttered something about ‘blackmail material’.

 

Alfred had gotten him literal puzzles, one with many heroes on it and another that was a cottage garden. Tim had gifted a game console called a switch, which had upset several of the rest of the family claiming it was too much. Tim shrugged and said he wanted to play animal crossing with Danny, though he had already downloaded several other games onto the device as well including ‘spirit farer’ and ‘hades’.

Now was Damian’s gift. Danny lifted the lid of the purple box to find…

“Roller blades Damian? Danny is still learning to walk and you think he can rollerblade?” Papa asks accusatively, clearly annoyed. With Danny? Oh, no- with Damian. Danny’s core eases a bit.

“He will not be inhibited forever. He has already made much progress. This is an incentive to keep progressing. Besides, once he is able to learn, it will continue to help with his balance,” Damian says very matter-of-factly. 

“We’ll we don’t actually know if that level of recovery will-“ Tim begins before Steph shrieks in her over exaggerated way, throwing a hand over Tim’s mouth. At Steph’s shriek, Danny pressed his hands over his ears to muffle the noise. The sound is just too much . 

“What happened to ‘He’s right there, talk to him not about him you weirdo?’” Steph says to Tim.

“Why don’t we do my gift next Danny?” Papa says, setting the rollerblades aside with an odd glance at them. Danny understands- he isn’t so sure how he feels about them either. Balancing on them feels eight thousand miles away from possible- he is still having trouble staying balanced with normal shoes! 

Papa hands him a small thin box with a tiny bag balanced on top. Two gifts?

Danny gently pulls the tissue paper out of the top bag, revealing a little pack of glow-in-the-dark stars. Ooh, there’s a little guide on the back showing how to align them to form Ursa Major! Ursa Major wasn’t his favoritest constellation, but it was still a very good one.

“Thank you! Can we put them up now??” Danny asks, beaming with excitement. Tim groans.

“Damnit Dick I think you just won.”

“Language, Master Tim. Please there is a child present,” Alfred scolds.

“Oh please you’d be dogging on me for it if Danny were here or not!” 

“We can put them up now if you want, but would you like to open the second one first?”

Oh yeah, Danny almost forgot. Papa gently takes the stars from Danny’s clutches, freeing his hands up to pull out a thick plush blanket from the box. Galaxies and stars swirl on its soft surface. It’s bordered in light blue satiny fabric. Danny instantly wraps himself in a space burrito, core purring with content.

“Thank you, I love it!” Danny says, craning his burrito-ed body around to look up at his Papa. He hears someone take a picture, though he doesn’t pay attention to who. It’s a little too similar to the paparazzi a week ago, but Danny allows it to brush off. His family won’t do anything to hurt him. The auras in the room are nothing like the paparazzi had been, not even close to as overwhelming. Merriment swirls on Danny’s tongue with the taste of their auras, spongey like cake and rich like chocolate.

“You’re welcome turtledove. Now we can put those stars up if you like. I think Alfred has cake ready to serve. We can put them up while he gets it ready for us.” Alfred has already moved from the room, as if anticipating the request before it occurred. Danny’d been told Alfred was their butler, but also like a grandpa. Danny wonders if all butlers are psychic, or if that is because he is a grandpa?

They finish scouting out where they want to place all the stars and stick them to the ceiling. The kit has instructions for Ursa Major and includes 20 stars, but 20 stars was plenty enough to do Cetus which Danny already knows by heart. And he still has 6 stars leftover! Danny sticks the rest of his stars to the sides of the headboard of his bed.

They’re halfway to cake when Danny hears Titus barking from the dining room where they’re to meet the others.

“Titus, no,” a stern voice corrects. Damian is trying to wrangle the lunging dog.

The next step Danny takes doesn’t land. It just keeps falling. Until Danny is stuck into the floor up to his chest. He screams in surprise.

“Danny!” His papa cries, trying to grab him by the armpits. But he phases right through. Danny is stuck halfway through the floor, and he can’t get up. He starts to breathe a bit harder. What can he do??? Titus and Damian burst into the hallway, Damian being half dragged by the dog. Titus breaks from Damian’s grasp and bounds to Danny, failing to stop himself before bowling right through him. As he passes through Danny’s intangible form, Danny grabs his collar. Focusing on grabbing something helps, and Danny’s fingers grow tangible around the collar. The momentum of Titus’ run yanks Danny back out of the ground, sending him sprawling, now tangible, onto the carpet. Papa immediately picks him up, looking hard to the space in the floor he’d almost been lost to.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry! I won’t do it again!” Danny shouts, looking worriedly at Papa. In his heart, he knows that they won’t hurt Danny, but his racing mind will not listen to reason. They’d told him not to use his powers and he had. They must be angry with him, even if that didn’t sound like them. They would send him back to that place. They would turn the lights off and leave him in that tank, alone and in the dark. Or they would strap him down and-

“Danny look at me,” Papa interrupts his spiral, “I will never be mad at you for this. It is not your fault. I love you. I will protect you”

Oh, Danny’s mind returns to earth. His papa loves him. He’d used the magic word. Papa won’t ever send him back there, even if he was bad. Even if I am broken, Danny thinks. Titus jumps at Papa’s legs, scratching him up with his nails.

“Ow, Damnit Damian, control your dog!” Damian stands to the side, videotaping with his phone. He puts it away and furiously scribbles something at a handheld notebook before returning it to a pocket as well and clipping a leash to the dane puppy.

“Sorry, I had to record the reaction. I’m hoping to train Titus as a service dog for Daniel- er, for Small Grayson.”

“What? Damian I don’t know if-”

“I have been writing it down. All this last week Titus has barked before Small Grayson has had an episode, and he nearly always rushes over. I was trying to figure out a way that could help him, and it seems retrieval may be a great solution. Small Grayson won’t weigh enough to be too taxing on Titus when he is full grown in another year or year and a half, and he seems very naturally intune to the issue at hand. I just need to encourage it along further…”

“That’s… actually very thoughtful of you Dames. But did you know training a service dog is basically a full time gig? And the wash rates are so high…” Papa and Damian trail off, chatting back and forth about ‘service dog’ stuff, which Danny doesn’t entirely understand. Danny is bone tired again and having trouble keeping himself awake. He drifts in his Papa’s arms as they make their way to the dining room.

“... but it does not hurt to try. And I can withdraw from hero work for a bit to devote the time to it. You all have things in Gotham and Blüdhaven covered, correct? You may always call upon me if things require further assistance.”

“You would stop your hero work to train Titus for Danny?”

“Not entirely and not permanently,” Damian pauses, “but I think this is important. And besides, I do rather enjoy training the dog. He is quite intelligent once he focuses.” Papa’s aura beneath Danny puddles with pride for Damian- a couple of firecrackers sizzle slowly, the sparks eating at the wick. An explosion doesn’t come, but the taste of a home cooked meal floods Danny’s taste buds as Papa beams with soft pride for Danny’s Uncle Dames. Danny’s only half been paying attention to the conversation so he isn’t quite sure what it's all about, but the feeling is nice. It’s warm. Danny’s core runs cold, so he almost never feels warmth in real life any more. Feeling the sensation of warmth through an aura is like a dessert- a treat. He snuggles further into his Papa’s chest. Falling into the floor has taken all his energy and he finds himself sleepy.

“Hey Turtledove, are you going to be awake enough for cake?” Papa asks as they enter the dining room, joining the rest of the family. Cake sits on tiny plates in front of all his family but they haven’t touched their portions, except for Jason who shovels a forkful in, ignoring a glare from Babs who says nothing. Oh, were the rest of them waiting for Danny?

“Turtledove? You up?” Papa nudges Danny’s shoulder.

“Mmmmleh,” Danny mumbles, opening bleary eyes with much effort and looking up at Papa.

“Oookay I think you’re asleep… I’m just going to take you back to bed, you can skip cake,” Papa says with a mischievous smile on his face. Cake? Danny’s bones feel like lead but he forces his lids to pop further open. No he can have cake!

“No! I can do cake!”

“Ookay but only if you say so!” Papa says, ruffling Danny’s hair. The pressure on Danny’s head from Papa’s hand is extremely light but Danny feels his vision sway at the touch. A feather could knock him over right now. Papa deposits him on a chair at the table with an extra cushion so that Danny is tall enough to reach a plate with a piece of white and lemon cake. Ooh lemon! Danny is pretty sure he likes lemon. How did Alfred know? Was that part of being a psychic butler or a psychic grandpa? 

Danny focuses on eating his cake (which is the most delicious thing he has ever had!) and tunes out the rest of the conversation being had. At one point Steph straps a little birthday hat to Danny’s head, who doesn’t protest. He is determined to eat the rest of his cake before he falls asleep, which is becoming harder and harder to fight off. He kicks his legs beneath the table to try and keep himself awake. Steph bounces around, trying to put birthday hats on other family members who fight her off. She spars, playing ‘you put that birthday hat on me, you die Brown’ with Damian. She is unsuccessful with Damian but manages to birthday hat Jason (who surprisingly protests very little and responds with “whoop-de-fucking-doo), Papa, and Tim. She doesn’t even try to place one on Bruce.

Conversation sounds around parts of the table but Danny can’t focus on anything. His mind is sagging and the tent pole he’d stuck up to keep sleep from smothering his mind is buckling under the pressure. It isn’t going to hold-

“But I think that’s normal for a kid his age and what he’s gone through. All things considered, he’s doing really well. And he’s pretty snuggly for a guy who’s been experimented on so much. You’d think he wouldn’t want to be touched at all,” Stephanie says in a hushed whisper across the other side of the table. She clearly intends for Danny not to hear. He doesn’t think they know he has really good hearing. Danny pretends not to overhear. He can barely listen to what she said anyway, the words coming to his brain foggy and unfocused in his sleepiness.

“It isn’t abnormal for a traumatized kid to have either reaction. A lot of kids I work with become excessively clingy to safe adults in their life after they’ve escaped abuse. Especially very young ones. And Danny might be five but in many ways he is a lot closer to a 3 year old.”

“Actually, he’s six. Remember? Today is his birthday.” Tim corrects. The party around the room grows silent as the mood dips somberly. Why was everyone so sad? Was his birthday a bad thing? Or maybe it’s that he had never really had a real party before today? But how did they know that? Danny’s pretty sure he had kept that to himself. Ugh what is going on? Is he really that sleepy that he can’t comprehend?

Danny would like to sit in his papa’s lap. Or maybe Bruce’s. But they now sit on the other end of the table with the other conversation going on. Alfred is the only one sitting near Danny. 

“Mm,” Danny grumbles unintelligibly in Alfred's direction, lifting his cakey hands in a silent plea, asking to be scooped up. Alfred complies, lifting Danny in his arms, and carrying him to the other side of the table. 

“I think Young Danny is in need of rest. May I take him to his room Master Dick?”

Papa agrees. Wait, no, Danny wanted to sit on his papa’s lap. He’s too sleepy to protest though, as Alfred spirits him away to his bedroom. The constellation of Cetus shines above them in the dark. Danny smiles sleepily up with them, rubbing at the corner of one of his eyes with a closed fist

“Space is a fine hobby, Danny,” Alfred says in his distinct accent, helping Danny change into a set of pajamas and clean off his hands and face, “Did you know that when I was young I was rather fascinated with whaling?”

“Wailing?”

“Yes, whaling.” Alfred sets a pajama-ed Danny down on his bed, tucking a thick comforter over his chest,” A good friend of my family and neighbor was a whaler and I would often try to sneak up on his boat. When I was 12, I was successful, and ended up stranded on a multi-month expedition. I didn’t have much fondness for whaling after that. The food was horrendous, and I was rather seasick for most of the trip. Six months of it dashed my interest in whaling forever. Still, it was a fun dream to have while it lasted.” Alfred places a blanket- Danny’s new galaxy one- in his hands, allowing him to snuggle it up to his face. “Allow yourself to dream well Danny. The world is at your fingertips and you can make of life what you wish here. You can-”

 

Alfred says something else, but Danny doesn’t hear because he has fallen soundly asleep. He doesn’t have a nightmare. He’s so tired, he doesn’t dream at all.
Notes:

    Hello my Sweet Finches! How are you feeling about pacing? Too much fluff or not enough? Also, I know Barbara is Batgirl not Batwoman, but because in my Fic she started the gig at 19, she used the alias Batwoman since she was already an adult. She’s never had any romantic interactions with Bruce, he’s only a fatherly/mentor figure in my fic. I am thinking the next chapter will be an adult POV of this one with some added info and then I have a vlad-centric chapter coming up. In other news, I pick up my new service dog in training this Thursday. I fly to Arizona to pick her up- wish us luck! Penguin is in good spirits and having no symptoms or side effects of her chemo and is her usual plucky happy self. I am still grieving as her cancer is still terminal, but I do have hope I will have even one more year with her (if not more!) and that her quality of life will be wonderful right up until the end. Send good vibes to us and hug your furbabies close tonight for Penguin and I.

Chapter 16: The Text String
Summary:

    Paparazzi reveals Danny's existence to Duke and Cass. And how dare they not know about Danny immediately! Seriously Dick? Don't hide the baby from your family! Dick POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

 

Chapter 16: The Text String

 

~~

Dick

~~

The morning after the paparazzi ambush

 

Dick awoke with a headache. He wants to fill himself a glass of water but doesn’t dare move. Danny had woken up in the dead of night and come into his room, eyes begging to join him in his papa’s bed. Dick had wordlessly agreed, opening an arm up for Danny to snuggle beneath. Danny so often didn’t usually sleep well and it was becoming a common occurrence for Danny to need Dick’s presence to relax enough to slumber. Even then, he sometimes couldn’t. He had such terrible nightmares.

Dick had originally assumed they were all nightmares about his experiences at the GIW. After all, the most likely conclusion the bats had come to about his life was that he was kept from infancy following his parents’ and sister’s deaths and experimented on his whole life due to his apparent meta status. Because that’s what made the most sense. They never could find definitive evidence of the meta gene; the way Danny’s DNA constantly seemed to rewrite itself meant it was impossible to confirm it. Still, they’d started operating under that assumption. It’s what fit the most. He was like a phantom meta, a meta who’s gene was undetectable. Invisible.

But then there had come evidence that his nightmares were more than that. There were definitely some Danny had told him about that came from the GIW. But there were times Danny would talk in his sleep and it didn’t make sense. Once he had cried ‘Mom no! I’m Danny. It’s me!’. But his mother had died when he was an infant- she could never have hurt him. It didn’t make sense for Danny to be afraid of her. They seemed too specific to be abstract dreams. It had Dick thinking about when Batman had asked Danny’s age and he’d went to answer ‘nineteen’ before stopping himself. But they’d seen Danny’s birth record, and physically he was most definitely 5-6. And he seemed to have knowledge of things he just simply wouldn’t have if he’d only been experimented on his whole life. Was there something magical going on? 

The bat fam had all been trying to reach Constantine but he was on an interdimensional mission and seemed impossible to get a hold of. They might just have to wait until he shows back up on his own. They’d let other Justice League Dark members know they were looking for him.

Danny snores softly into Dick’s armpit, breaths falling even and slow. Slightly too slow and not quite deep enough. That seemed to be normal for Danny though. Several times when he’d first come home, Dick had panicked that he wasn’t breathing at all, but his breathing was always there when he checked, however faint. It seemed to be part of Danny’s meta status: slower shallower breaths, a slower heart rate, and cooler baseline temperature. Even now, snuggled up into Dick’s side and under a blanket, Danny felt cool to the touch.

Then, Dick’s phone buzzes in a cacophony of messages. What in the world? It’s five in the morning? Why is the batkids chat blowing up?

 

thepoweredone:

DICK WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU??? WERE YOU NOT EVEN GOING TO TELL ME I WAS AN UNCLE???

 

Duke sent, along with an attached link to a news article. Dick clicked on it and his eyes widened. “Bruce Wayne Grandfather: Richard Grayson’s secret lovechild”. Duke sent another link to an article titled “Richard Grayson continues the adoption Legacy”. Yet a third sent is titled “Richard Grayson adopts son with gay lover”. Okay now if Dick had gotten that glass of water he’d be doing a spit take. How were all of these so wildly all over the place? And inaccurate! Well, he supposes the second one is true. Before he even has a chance to actually read the articles they’re lost in the flurry of chat.

 

cantcatchthesehands:

Unacceptable. Were you going to leave me oblivious in Hong Kong forever?

 

Cass had moved to China a few months ago to explore her asian heritage which she’d been denied as a child. She mostly took after her Chinese side, but having been raised as an assassin for Ra’s al Gul, she hadn’t really had any proper type of cultural upbringing. She’s been working as Blackbat as a Hong Kong hero, gleaning her culture and the country’s history in her free time.

 

thepoweredone:

I demand details Dick.

 

thepoweredone:

DETAILS.

 

thepoweredone: 

Which of these is even true? Where is your secret boyfriend you didn’t tell us about?

 

cantcatchthesehands:

Don’t make me come back to beat it out of you. We need answers.

 

Dick blushes deeply, swallowing. That article about a gay lover was blatantly false, he wasn’t seeing anyone. But he wasn’t exactly entirely straight either, not that he’d really come to terms with that or told anyone he thought he might be bi. He types a response.

 

originalrobin:

No lover. Yes adoption. His name is Danny and he’s your new nephew. I’ll have to call you all later to catch you up fully but we found him at a Cadmus lab and he’s been through a lot. The paparazzi really scared him yesterday, so I think we’re going to lie low here at the manor for a while. New people can be overwhelming to him. You’ll definitely get to meet him soon though! I know you’re busy with midterms Duke and Cass- I know you have your own responsibilities. Hopefully you guys can find time to come and visit soon. Danny is a sweet little guy you’ll love him.

 

thebloodson:

He is in training. Soon he will be stronger than all of you

 

thepoweredone:

He’s a literal six year old??

 

originalrobin: 

He is not in combat training Damian. Nor will he ever be. He is in physical therapy. 

 

cantcatchthesehands:

Why does Danny need physical therapy? Is he injured?

 

yesspoilersplease:

He has some neuropathy and muscle weakness in his legs and his powers act up sometimes. He can’t really control them.

 

thepoweredone:

HE HAS POWERS???? Damn bury the lead why don’t you. 

 

thepoweredone:

Damn am I gonna have to change my username?

 

timbuktu:

seems like it

 

betterthanallofyou:

Want me to change it for you?

 

thepoweredone’s username has been changed to ‘trafficsafetyguard’

 

trafficsafetyguard:

What the fuck Babs?

 

betterthanallofyou:

Shut up you’ve seen your costume. You know what you are.

 

betterthanallofyou has added ‘Jason’ to the chat

Jason’s username has been changed to ‘zombiejay’

 

zombiejay:

I thought I told ya I didn’t want to be in the chat. Take me out.

 

thebloodson:

Say no more.

 

zombiejay:

Not like that. Besides, you wish you could. I’d like to see you try, little twerp.

 

yesspoilersplease:

Please tell me Damian is already grappling to crime alley to beat Jay’s ass.

 

timbuktu:

I might have just heard his bedroom window slide open.

 

zombiejay:

You can’t kill me, demon brat. Plus Danny would miss me; I’m his favorite.

 

trafficsafetyguard:

I didn’t even know about Danny and JAY’S ALREADY MET HIM? Dick what the literal fuck. 

 

Dick sighs and switches the ringer off to give himself a break. He flips to a mindless game on his phone, lazily swiping to combine numbers to form 2048. He’d really meant to message Duke and Cass about everything but between getting Danny all settled in, his PTO coming to a close soon, his night job, and all of Danny’s physical therapy and stuff, he had just been so swamped. He had to decide what he wanted to do with work. 

He’s one of Blüdhaven’s most active police officers, pulling extra shifts and overworking himself constantly. He was single with no kids and honestly didn’t have much of a social life between his job and his other job. He’d talked about it with Dinah in therapy- he felt that he had to push himself in everything he did to cement that he wasn’t just a sidekick to his dad. His Robin days were long over but sometimes it still felt like everyone viewed him like the 8 year old Robin he used to be. He’d been tired of it. 

 

But things are different now. He has responsibilities to more than just his town and his people. He’d originally left Gotham to make a name for himself out of Bruce’s shadow, but things haven’t honestly been that bad since returning to the manor, even if it was only temporary. That surprised Dick. He’d expected to be itching for out just as soon as he came. But instead he finds himself happy and complacent in Gotham once again. And isn’t that a breath of fresh air? What if he transfers to Gotham PD? He’d be closer to the rest of his family and they’d be able to help him raise Danny. Being a single working parent was hard enough without being a vigilante as well, and he can’t stay on PTO forever. Sure if he asked Bruce would support them no questions asked in a second, but that was an invisible leash Dick had worked years to ditch. 

 

It felt easier to be in Gotham once more than it had before. But that made things feel confusing. Ugh it wasn’t helping his headache. 

 

A notification bar pops up on the top of the screen that isn’t the siblings he’s been ignoring. 

 

Haly:

Hey, I tried calling by the other day and never heard from you. What’s up sonny? We’ll be coming near New Jersey on tour in a few weeks and I wanted to see ya

 

Dick smiles, clicking into the message. It’d been so long since he’d seen Haly, and like a shining beacon through murky heavens, here he was reaching a hand out once more. 

 

Dickie:

I’m sorry big top. I haven’t been listening to voicemails much the last few weeks, it’s been a blur. I’ll tell you all about it but I have a son. Adopted. His name is Danny. I would love for you to meet him. When are you coming into town?

 

Haly:

Dickie that is wonderful news. I am so happy for you! Doesn’t excuse ignoring me but you can make it up to me by performing? Sounds like ya might need it

 

Haly always knows what Dick needs. How a man he only sees a handful of times every few years can stay so in tune to him, Dick will never know. He wishes he could visit more often but between Haley’s hectic circus travel and Dick’s own train wreck of a vigilante life, it’s hard to coordinate. Still, Haly always lets Dick know when he is going to be anywhere near New Jersey. And Dick always performs when he can. It clears his head and cleans his soul. It makes him feel close to his parents again, which is growing increasingly important to him as he approaches the ages they’d been at their own deaths. Outliving them is one thing but outgrowing them? It is hard for Dick to stomach. And now that he is a father himself? He finds himself wishing more frequently than usual that they could still be here. There were so many firsts they’d be missing with Danny, and it made Dick’s heart ache. 

 

Dick and Haly exchange info about dates and times the circus will be in. Danny stirs at his side, pressing a socked foot against Dick’s thigh and pressing up against him with his toes. 

 

Dick and Haly finish up, exchanging “see you soons” and Dick swipes at his phone playing his game for a while more. He is starting to doze back asleep when Danny’s hands grab into his shirt in clenched fists. Dick shuts his phone down, setting it to the side and preparing for the tears he knows are coming. It breaks his heart that his son still has to suffer the aftermath of what he went through when he is so safe now- safer than he could possibly be surrounded by so many heroes who’d protect him against anything and anyone. But wounds of the mind don’t heal as easily. 

 

Danny’s eyes are still fiercely shut, but his eyebrows screw together. Sometime in the last several minutes he had worked up a cold sweat and his bangs plaster to his forehead. His chest is tight and his breaths come shorter and shallower than usual. Dick takes a hand and gently swipes the soggy bangs from his son’s eyes, careful not to wake him. He would like nothing more than to wake him and stop this nightmare, but he’d learned the hard way that prematurely waking Danny sometimes made things worse. The best course of action was to sit things out until he woke up on his own and then be here for comfort. Or once, Titus had come in and laid his head across Danny’s lap which had been soothing rather than frightening to the boy. 

 

Danny starts to murmur unintelligibly, tears streaming down his face. Dick waits patiently with anvils weighing down his heart and soul. Danny is such a good kid, and only just a child. He doesn’t deserve any of what happened to him or the anguish that still lingers.  

 

Dick gently and carefully placed a few fingertips on his upper back. When Danny doesn’t wake or stiffen further, he lets his hand fall flat against his back and begins to rub small cautious circles. When Danny doesn’t stiffen further yet again, Dick puts a gentle pressure against his back, leaning Danny into him. 

 

“Shh, Danny You’re safe,” Dick uses the magic word he’d discovered. “Protection” was a topic that goes a long way with his son. That and “safe” were lighthouse beacons for Danny during panic attacks and nightmares. It was probably something he’d wished for his whole life. 

 

Dick holds his son for a few minutes more, soothing Danny through waves of tight fisted shuddering and cold sweats. But his eyes remain fiercely shut. Until they burst open and Danny explodes into quick, empty, sputtering breaths. He scrambles away from Dick frantically, throwing himself off the side of the bed with a thunk and a panicked squeak. 

 

“Danny, hey Danny it’s alright,” Dick works to soothe his voice as much as possible, ironing out his own boiling panic for his son. Will Danny ever get over these episodes? Had he hurt himself falling off of the bed? Dick rises from the headboard to find Danny scrambling into the corner of the room, his hands on either side of him gripping the wall with his inky black fingers. He stares ahead through the room as if nothing is there, wide and wild. 

 

“Nonononono. I killed him. I killed him and now he’s a ghost. And he’s coming for me. I killed him I killed him I-“

 

Usually Dick had the power to let Danny go through these on his own until they began to calm down. That’s when it was safe to comfort him. Usually trying to touch Danny when he was too heightened in a nightmare just made the demons stronger. Dick supposed that’s due to his history with so much unwanted touch and experimentation. But in this moment with the sheer panic in Danny’s eyes, and how hard he’d thrown himself off the bed, Dick loses his resolve.

 

“Danny, Danny you didn’t kill anyone,” Dick soothes, bending over his son and placing a tentative hand on his shoulder. When Danny blessedly leans into the touch rather than panic harder Dick pulls him into a hug. 

 

“You’re safe. You didn’t hurt anyone,” Dick soothes. Of course, he doesn’t know if that’s true. Danny had several powerful meta abilities and it was likely within his ability to really do some damage. But Dick also knew Danny’s heart and he would never knowingly or willingly hurt anyone. Allowing his son to agonize over potential past wrongdoing would do no one any good. And besides, if he really had hurt or killed any GIW, they deserved it. 

 

Danny dissolves into a hiccuping sobbing fit, but he is coming down from his terror now. Dick presses his face into his shoulder, rubbing circles onto his back with one hand and lifting him up into his arms with the other. 

 

There’s no magical cure Dick can provide for this small boy. He has been planning to get Danny in with Dinah, but he’s been trying to let Danny acclimate to his new home and family first. Maybe it was time though, his nightmares didn’t seem to be getting any less frequent or severe. Dick can’t fix all of Danny’s troubles. But he can be there. He can be there and make sure that Danny knows he will never have to face his demons ever again.
Notes:

    Hello Sweet Finches! First off, I have very limited knowledge of Cass and Duke’s characters, so I hope I have written them well enough. Also- I now have my next service dog! I am currently on the flight back from Arizona where I picked her up as I write this. She has AMAZING service temperament. Seriously she is mellow and confident and very attentive. Very sweet girl. She already is consistently performing sit on command and starting to understand down and heel. I can tell she is going to train extremely well! I cannot wait to get home and introduce her to Penguin and to see my Penguin girl. Next up: Vlad Chapter! I have it written out already (and have for a while) so I’m just going to go over and polish it. I’ll probably post it within the next few days.

Chapter 17: And Oh Does This Core Feel
Summary:

    Vlad POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 17: And Oh Does This Core Feel

 

~~

Vlad Plasmius

~~

A small pink crystalline core burbles into view from nothingness in an empty expanse of the infinite realms. It’s a fire core, and as such, the surrounding coolness of the ectoplasm in the air is irritating, prickly and grating. Fire cores crave heat, not chill. But this surrounding coolness is a necessary evil to the core’s very formation. The world itself seems to be against the core. Was this why fire cored ghosts were fueled by rage? It would make sense. The sensation was beyond irritating.

The ambient ectoplasm in the very fabric of the infinite realms pulses like a diseased heartbeat, reverberating and echoing in the surrounding walls as they billow forth from the ether into existence. For moments ago, there was nothing but the cool expanse of the ectoplasm in this section of the infinite realms. Now, castle walls form around the crystalline core, stony and thick and gray. A massive monstrous cathedral burbles around it, solidifying into a fortress.

The core shudders, and the sensation is akin to taking a breath. But there is no rise or fall of a chest, no intake of air into lungs, because there is no body. It is unsettling. The core is pretty sure there are a lot of physical sensations that are supposed to come with breathing, but this? This feels like nothing . More than that- it feels like active nothingness. And it’s entirely underwhelming in a way that is panic inducing. The core tries to breathe again but can only ripple. It can’t breathe. It cannot see. It cannot speak. But while cores alone can’t breathe or speak or touch and think or taste or smell on their own, they can feel. 

 

And OH does this core FEEL. 

 

Splicing and sizzling and thrashing and mulching and squishing and burning and pressing and prodding. Scalpels and knives and hooks and pins. Memories don’t come but the feelings that accompany these experiences rage deep in the small pink core. The core remembers pain. Sickening and perverse pain that echoes in its soul like a birthmark. 

Like a birthmark indeed, for this is a ghost’s birth itself. The ambient ectoplasm finishes forming the fortress around it and turns onto the core. With a sudden rush, the core intakes the massive flow of ectoplasm which implodes upon it like a black hole. The cursedly, irritatingly cool liquid fuels the core, giving it form. 

A reptilian claw slams forward in front of his glowing pink eyes- all four of them. Dazed and confused but hurt and angry. The beast gasps a deep breath- a breath that takes in no real air, not even ectoplasm. For this is a ghost, and real breathing is a gift for the living. And he is dead. 

The understanding is near instantaneous. He is dead. But who was… who was he…? Days and days of agony filter past the backs of his eyes in a blinding flurry like a stop motion picture. 

 

Splicing and sizzling and thrashing and mulching and squishing and burning and pressing and prodding. And stringing. Pinning. Splaying. Displaying. 

 

Praying. 

 

At his demise, he had received no answer. There was no God or Ancient who cared for him. So he had given up. He had surrendered his soul to his captors. He didn’t know how long he’d spent glassy-eyed and heartbroken upon that wall. Walls.

Seeing four surrounding him now, followed by what he knows instinctively to be more in this labyrinth of castle sends his core racing. Why does his lair have to have so many walls? He knows he hadn’t been a great person before, but he’d had a rough hand in life and shouldn’t that grant him some small mercy? He’d been trying to repair things. He’d seen the GIW in that clearing and what they were about to do and he’d saved him. Saved who? His memory of the days before his capture is hazy, but he is certain that his capture had been a sacrifice to a noble cause.

Nostrils flare, trying to draw breath still, but no inhalation or exhalation comes. Just the echoes of living habits. Anger bubbles. He didn’t realize in life how cathartic something as instinctual or banal as breath had been. Life with breath and death with stillness: opposite sides of a coin. He finds himself agonizingly locked on one side. He’s sure he’s used to being able to flip that coin at will, but now no black rings come bestowing life upon him. The coin remains unflipped. A sense of ringing hollowness invades his being and he cannot fill it with air. His chest inflates and his nostrils flare but nothing pumps through them. A sense of frustration in his failure rises to join his anger.

His life was ripped away and for what??? So he could be… this?? Why was he this??? This surely hadn’t been the creature he’d been in life. He’d been… he’d been human. Now he was sure of it. How had… how had he become this monster and why this form??

The thoughts corrode away in his mind like acid as a spiked tail lashes behind him in a rage. He looks to his side, feeling the anger growing rapidly in the pit of his core. His vision begins to clear more and more. He needs to fight something, the catharsis he yearns for with breath needs to come from somewhere else now. 

He stills. 

Are those… books? 

Tattooed across every square inch of the wall opposite to him are shelves upon shelves of thick books in all colors and from every era. In life, he had been a voracious reader. Life . Ripped from him so soon. Too fast. 

In life, he had placed all his blame upon one Jack Fenton (that was right! He was remembering now), but this was beyond Jack. He wasn’t the one the GIW were hunting. Jack wasn’t the one they’d almost caught. The GIW had almost caught the boy and what had Plasmius done? Stepped in front of him and sacrificed himself. The GIW had been tracking a ghost signal but they hadn’t known it was the boy until he’d transformed. They were about to capture him, but when they’d caught Plasmius instead, they prioritized him. Plasmius had been caught before and always escaped, so the GIW were happy to let Phantom go if it meant finally securing this quarry. 

Plasmius had been sure he would be able to escape. He would gloat at his savior role to Phantom the next time they met, and demand gratitude. The boy would have to be grateful and it could be the path towards mending things between them. They’d finally be even. This was his in to making things right. But the GIW ectonets were new. They were stronger and different and Plasmius had not been able to free himself of them.

His sacrifice had been much more immense than he had anticipated. And for what??? The boy didn't even know he’d been in danger and then saved- hadn’t even seen Plasmius’ heroism for once. He’d saved the boy to make amends and Phantom hadn’t even looked back or noticed his absence for so long. He hadn’t saved Vlad. Not really. It had been far too late for saving. 

 

The BOY

 

His voice snakes out, raspy and unrecognizable from his once human throat. He spits the ‘b’ with venom so the word comes out like a slur. Because this is all his fault. All. His. Fault. Plasmius had saved him, he had tried to fix things between them. And what had he done? Killed him in cold blood.  

 

DANIEL

 

The beast throws his head backwards in a roar that rattles the stairs nearby. He rushes forward, ripping books off the shelves in droves, tearing them and biting them and massacring his new lair. His vision fills with pink flame and fire roars off of his spine in a raging pillar, sparking and catching the flying collection aflame. 

This book collection, which would have delighted him in life, taunts him in death. How is he supposed to handle such fragile paper things with such massive monstrous hands? How is he supposed to enjoy anything as calm as reading with this rage eating away at his core? So he demolishes them. He doesn’t want to look at this personal library in his lair. Destruction can be his new catharsis, the one that breathing cannot be.

He pauses his ripping and gnashing at his collection. Just as fast as he is destroying them, they reappear. Nothing he does sticks. He roars. In his ever mounting rage, he feels something in his core. He shifts focus from his books to it. His last sensation in life as a halfa before his real death- a scent. He pauses and sniffs with not-breath. No air actually enters his nostrils- it’s a hollow motion. But a scent comes clear and ringing anyways, not from his snout but pooling up from deep within his core, summoned like a demon in a ritual. The boy. The boy held his core in his hands before the end. The dissolution of his half life. 

Setting his ire on the scent, he moves to enact his revenge. If he has to spend the rest of his afterlife tracking down his murderer, he’ll do it. If revenge is to be his new obsession, so be it. He crashes forth from his castle lair with a huff, intent on tracking down a portal to whatever pathetic hole his nemesis has crawled under. 
Notes:

    Hello my Sweet Finches! My next pupper has been adjusting very well and I maintain she still has phenomenal service dog temperament! Penguin is enjoying her as well. I decided to name her Indigo (after Indigo Bunting so it fits with my bird theme). Did you enjoy this Vlad chapter? We’ll be seeing more of him. If you’re confused on why/how he became a dragon it will be explained. Just not quite yet. Sorry it’s been a hot second since I’ve posted, I’ve been insanely busy with work and the puppy and Penguin’s treatment. What all would you still like to see in this chapter? I do have plot plans but I’m open to suggestions as well.

Chapter 18: Haly’s Circus
Summary:

    Dick has a surprise for Danny at Haly's Circus! Danny and Dick POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 18: Haley’s Circus

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Several more weeks had passed and Danny had been continuing to adjust well. Dr. Leslie said his core seemed to be improving by what she could tell, and Iris was really proud of the work Danny’d been making in his physical therapy. He still needs his crutches and his braces, but he’s able to walk for longer before tiring out too much. His intangibility episodes had lessened to two or three days a week rather than most days. 

Damian had started taking Titus with him to school. Papa had explained that Damian had proposed the ordeal as an in-school internship, a sort of extra-curricular project. Gotham Academy’s headmaster had agreed on the terms that Titus continued to do well in his training and didn’t disrupt classes, and that Damian consulted with a professional trainer for guidance in his endeavors. By this point, media had already made a field day out of Danny according to his family, and his existence and disabled status was well known. Danny’s older brother training a service dog for Danny himself? Damian had garnered his own not-so-insignificant amount of press. “Bruce Wayne Junior” had remained a footnote in the media for the last year since things had settled down after his initial arrival. But now, news outlets were referring to him as ‘his brother’s keeper’. Barbara had been particularly pissed at that turn of phrase regarding Danny. No one was his ‘keeper’, she’d said.

Danny hobbles forward at full speed (which for Danny of course, wasn’t very fast, but still) towards the big top. His previous experiences with circuses weren’t very positive, but he’s been curious about them again ever since he’d discovered his Papa held them so close to his heart. He wanted to know why. That red and white swirling aura meant ‘circus’ and ‘family’ to Papa all in one thought, and it was a mystery that had captivated Danny. 

This circus isn’t like the other one he vaguely remembers. The tents are grander and the colors are different. The smell is more inviting, more like popcorn and peanuts than stale animal scent. There were animals here too, but they seemed cleaned up after. Danny can also detect laffy taffy and sea salt caramels, sweet and salt combining. 

Danny waits for the rest of his family to exit the car and catch up to him while Alfred parks. Tim and Jason were back in Gotham watching the streets and keeping the city covered, but Papa, Grandpa Bruce, Alfred, and Damian were here. Papa had come ahead alone and was somewhere inside. He’d said he had a surprise for Danny. Damian walks up beside Danny, taking in the surroundings himself. He wrinkles his nose a bit in a casually snobbish way Danny’s become well acquainted with. Titus sidles up beside him in a near-perfect heel wearing a bright green ‘service dog in training’ vest, automatically sitting when they come to a stop. Damian hands him a treat out of the corner of his eye.

“Is Papa joining us?” Danny really wants to ask him about the circus and learn his surprise. 

 

“Greyson is-”

 

“Dick wants it to be a surprise, Damian,” Grandpa Bruce interrupts, joining them as well. 

 

“Very well,” Damian accepts. 

 

Seated in the largest tent in the very first row, Alfred, Bruce, Damian, and Danny watch a barrage of performances from women dancing atop elephants to contortionists riding motorcycles. Danny is confused when Bruce, Alfred, and Damian’s auras all dip considerably during a clown act. Danny thinks they’re funny. He doesn’t understand. Hmm, maybe they just don’t like clowns? They keep neutral expressions during that act and he doesn’t think they’re scared. Weird. Sometimes adults could be confusing, and even though Damian is a kid too, he acts much more like an adult to Danny. Damian offers to share some popcorn with Danny, who lights up at the opportunity to share with his uncle.

“Ooh yes please!” Danny squeaks. Bruce smiles at Damian, a feeling in his aura emanating with pride and contentedness. Damian blushes, unwilling to meet his father’s eyes. Danny’s overjoyed, if not a bit frustrated that his Papa is missing the entire show. How could his surprise be more important than spending time with his family at the circus? He was missing all the good parts!

“AAAAAAND NOOOOOOW,” The ringleader announces, transitioning into something new. The lights dim and a flurry of spotlights focus on him on the ground in the center of the ring. “Long time Haly’s fans will know this special performer for the legacy he is! Coming from multiple generations of legend and over seventy years of Big Top Fame…. The Flying Grayson! Assisted by the always lovely dynamic duo, our regulars, Manic and Panic!”

The spotlights concentrate high above the ground on a small figure in a swirling red and white leotard who waves enigmatically to the crowd. PAPA???? Danny’s brain short circuits. He hadn’t expected his papa to be a performer?? He looks to his grandpa and Alfred who are already looking at Danny. Alfred takes a picture of Danny’s surprised face.

“Surprise Danny!” Alfred confirms. This was Papa’s surprise! Danny’s eyes dart back up to his Papa who- oh gosh he is so very high up. But Papa was Nightwing. He wouldn’t fall! But oh gosh, he wasn’t wearing his Nightwing suit. He doesn’t have any grappling hooks. Danny’s core wrenches in anticipation. Does his papa need help? He wrings the hem of his shirt in his fingers. He can’t fly in front of all these people if his papa needs help. But… But if he was invisible… But his Papa doesn’t seem anxious? He stands tall and proud with his shoulders and chest lifted proudly. He scans the crowd for a brief second before his masked face lands on Danny and his smile broadens. He waves back down at Danny with the widest smile Danny’s ever seen. This soothes Danny’s beating heart. But if he falls…

“AAAND Grayson is honoring us with a delight here tonight folks! He’s going to be performing without a net in sight! The Ante is really up on this one folks!”

Grandpa Bruce lifts Danny up onto his shoulders, allowing him to lean forward and settle his arms on the top of his head. Danny watches as his Papa takes a trapeze bar in his hands and leaps in a free fall from the podium. He swings through the air, lifting his body up over the bar with one hand in a gravity defying stunt all while flying forward. Danny can’t decide if he’s thrilled or terrified. Probably both.

Manic (or perhaps Panic, Danny doesn’t know who is who) meets him in the middle as the two trapeze swings hurtle towards one another. Flipping off of his own trapeze, he flies at Papa. Papa, who balances on the bar in a one handed hand-stand with one foot up in the air. Manic flies at Papa’s lifted foot landing on it with his own and grabbing the swing’s strings to steady himself in the landing. They balance in an odd human totem pole as the bar swings backwards. The crowd erupts into applause. Papa bends his lifted knee and Manic buckles off of him, sliding down the swing’s string and flipping himself until they are both upside down. They drop so that Papa holds himself to the trapeze with the bar underneath his hooked knees and he catches a falling Manic so that their forearms interlock. As they swing back to the middle, Panic (or perhaps Manic, regardless it is the other one of the two) swings to meet them on the abandoned trapeze. Manic hurtles through the air when Papa releases his arms into Panic’s hands. Panic swings Manic up to stand on the trapeze, which he does on one foot and with his other leg and hands in the air, not holding onto the strings. The applause continues.

The three of them pass Manic and Panic between the two sides as Papa continues to fling himself this way and that on his own trapeze in terrifying balancing acts, hooking himself to the bar with his knees or an elbow, or only holding on by a hand. Danny feels like if he blinks he’ll miss it. How can he do this??? He cannot fly like Danny and if he falls… Danny is nervous. But his papa is Nightwing. He’s a talented hero! Surely he won’t fall??

His hands wind into his Grandpa’s hair.

“Hey, Chum are you alright? That’s a little tigh-” Before Grandpa Bruce has a chance to finish his sentence, everything happens all at once.

Panic (or perhaps Manic) has Danny’s papa hanging down by his forearms. He lets go and Papa begins to fall through the air. Before Danny can realize what he’s done, he’s  transformed into an Uilnow, turned invisible, and rocketed up towards the trapeze. By the time he arrives though, Manic has already caught his papa on the opposite trapeze. Oh. Was it part of the show? Danny feels silly- Manic and Panic have been flying from trapeze to trapeze but when it was his papa’s turn, he was just too scared he’d fall. Danny hovers in the air, invisible and using ghost flight rather than his wings. An assistant from the platforms hurtles a third trapeze bar at the trio, which Manic flips Papa towards. Danny flies towards him, making sure he makes the jump. When he does, Danny sighs in relief. But then he startles. Papa’s aura is prickled with surprise. Oh no what?? Danny looks at his papa, who’s eyes are directed down at Bruce, Alfred, and Damian, who are standing, looking side to side. Looking for Danny. Oops. They don’t know where he is. As Papa swings back towards the duo, forced to tear his eyes from his family, Danny drops his invisibility and flaps with his wings to remain upright without using his flight.

I’m right here Grandpa! Damian, Alfred, I’m right here! Danny thinks, though he knows that they cannot really hear him. Damian spots him first, elbowing his father and butler to look back up. Alfred’s face grows even paler than usual, but they stop their frantic search. They know Danny’s safe.

Papa swings back in Danny’s direction, and his eyes go wide when he sees him. The crowd has fallen into an awed hush. Danny’s so small, but his glow must make him visible even from so high up. Papa swings towards Danny. Right towards Danny. Before they can entirely collide, Danny beats his wings a little harder and perches on the bar, looking down at his papa as the air ruffles through Danny’s overly large ears.

“Danny??” his Papa cries over the crowd. Danny can feel his papa’s aura clang with panic. Oh no, Danny had been trying to fix that. Don’t worry Papa, I’m right here! Danny thinks. But his vocal cords aren’t human and he cannot communicate it aloud. He can only increase the vibration of his core to an audible purr in comfort.

“Can you maintain this form for a while Danny? Until I can get you to the ground?” His papa asks. They swing towards the center and his Papa misses a cue to flip to Manic and Panic, who look astonished and startled. They improvise, flipping one another between themselves instead of at Papa. Danny nods, wagging his tail.

Papa sighs with relief, but his aura still races with his fast beating heart. His papa refocuses his energies on Manic and Panic and on their next swing towards the middle, he uses the momentum to launch himself at the duo. They hang from one trapeze in a three person chain. Danny spins around on his place and the trapeze to face them, standing on his back paws and balancing using outstretched starry wings. If he’s up here, he might as well join his papa in the act! Danny can’t deny only minutes ago he’d been anxious about his papa falling, but now he can see the appeal of the performance. This is fun!

The crowd roars beneath them like the crashing waves of an ocean, but their auras are far enough below that they don’t cause Danny’s core to roil in protest. It falls away like white noise in his ears, a cheering burble of one entity rather than the screeching distortion that the paparazzi had been. Danny pitches forward and allows his wings to catch himself, spinning on a 360 about the bar and catching himself with his teeth, allowing himself to hang from it by his mouth. His papa and him let go of the bars at the same time together, swinging and passing each other in the middle. Danny flips in a circle, allowing himself to stand on top of the third trapeze bar separate from Manic and Panic as Papa grabs the one he’d been on. They pass by one another multiple times while Danny allows his papa to finish his act, flipping and flying around him in the air. Danny can understand that red and white swirl of his papa’s aura now- this was home. Flying and flipping through the air with ease was having wings, even if papa didn’t actually have them.

Papa finishes his performance by swinging off of Panic and Manic high up, quadruple somersaulting before grabbing a hold of Danny’s bar and swinging himself up to balance in a handstand on the bar. Danny scrambles up his papa’s legs and does a little handstand on his feet himself. They swing backwards towards the podium and Papa flips off in another spin, landing solidly on the pedestal with both feet. Danny positions himself in the freefall to stand on his papa’s shoulders as he turns down to the crowd, arms outstretched performatively and feet planted solidly on the ground once more. He’s coated in a light sheen of sweat, and based on his aura it’s for stress as much as it is physical exertion. The crowd loses it, cheering and whooping below. Danny lets his core wash over with home , and his glow brightens to a shining blue beacon, washing his papa over with purple.

Danny remains an Uilnow for as long as he can. He enjoys this form and wants to maintain it until he can’t keep his energy up and needs to rest. When they descend from the platform above, they meet the rest of the family in the back in the dressing rooms. After getting thoroughly chewed out by Bruce for his recklessness and for almost giving Alfred a heart attack, Danny settles on top of a very confused and excited Titus. He is tired and he curls up into a circle on the back of the green training vest. He tucks his head into his armpits and wraps his tail around himself. Yeah yeah, he scared them. Well Papa had scared Danny!! Even if the surprise had ended up being fun, Danny had been so worried his papa would fall at first. He could spook them a little if he wanted. In Danny’s opinion, it was justified. Now they were even.

Danny snoozes on Titus’ back while Papa changes back into his normal clothes.

“I like to claim to no longer be surprised by your antics, Dickie, but this is a new one,” a familiar booming voice croons. It’s the same voice that had announced Papa in the ring. It’s just as booming and melodious now, but softer in volume. Danny peeks a glowing green eye out from his tail.

“Sorry about that Haly, it wasn’t a planned surprise I promise. I hope I didn’t give Dmitri and Andrei too much of a heart attack.”

“No more than they’re used to, sonny. Who is this? Your new son I presume? A meta?”

“You guess all Haly. Sure you don’t want to join the detective gig?” Papa jokes. 

“Naw, I’ll leave that to you birds and the bats. This old fool doesn’t have that life cut out for him. So is he always a creature or…” Haly trails off, not sure how to end the sentence.

“Danny, can you turn human for me? I’d like to introduce you to Haly,” Papa asks sweetly. Hmmph. Danny can meet Haly just fine. He doesn’t want to waste his time as an Uilnow before his energy runs out. Plus, he’d just gotten chewed out for having fun with his papa. He isn’t in a cooperative mood. He stands, turning in 180 on Titus’ back before plopping back down with a small dramatic squeak, burying his head in a twitchy tail once more.

“Danny, that’s quite enough, you’re being rude,” Damian scoffs, lifting him unwillingly off of Titus. Titus moves to stand, but Damian repeats ‘down’ and Titus remains. Damian treats the dog and lifts the Uilnow, trying to hold him out to meet his glowing green eyes. Danny instead scuffles forward out of Damian’s grip, scrambling across his arms and balancing on one of Damian’s shoulders with partially outstretched wings and a flicking tail. Damian moves to grab him again but he beats his wings and lands atop his head, perching in his hair. He growls in frustration.

“Why, you little-” Danny is giggling now. It’s fun to mess with Damian. As his uncle spins around trying to remove Danny from his head, he flaps up once, twice, avoiding his grasp and then landing back down upon his head. His giggles come forth in a small twinkling bark and his glow brightens and dims with the rhythm of the melody.

“It’s quite alright Dickie, he seems happy like this. I don't mean to disturb tha’ kid. He’s cute. And a natural performer to boot. You should think of stopping by with him more! Just give me a heads up next time and I can put a picture of him on the flying Graysons poster,” Haly says with a chuckle as Danny evades Damian’s capture once more. This time, Damian is too close to almost catching him, so he beats his wings to Alfred’s shoulder. He almost slips with his fourth paw, but Alfred senses such and catches him himself. Alfred pulls him into his arms in a gentle embrace, holding him as one might a cat. Danny’s wings fold over Alfreds arms, letting a soothing chill seep through the butler’s gloved hands.

They talk with Haly a bit more, but the conversation filters past Danny’s ears. It had taken more effort than usual to understand their English with his fox ears and Danny isn’t inclined to follow the rest of the conversation. He lets himself relax in Alfred’s arms, purring into his chest while drifting asleep. At some point, white rings engulf him and he transforms back into human Danny. Alfred adjusts to continue holding him. His head slumps forward against Alfred’s shoulder and an arm drapes over him. Bruce places Penguin into his hand, allowing him to hold her by a paw. He drifts asleep once more as they make their way to the car.

~~

Dick

~~

After putting Danny to bed, Dick reconvenes in the bat cave to greet Tim and Jason as they come back from a night of patrols. Damian is already there and Bruce joins about the same time as Dick. 

“You guys are gonna wanna see this,” Tim says, pulling up an image on the bat computer. What the-

A large reptilian clawed footprint dents into solid concrete in the middle of the city. It’s WAY too big to be from Killer Croc. Dick eyes the dinosaur in the corner of the bat cave as if wondering if it came to life, went on a spree downtown, and snuck back in. It stares back unanimatedly as per usual.  

“Is Waylon on venom?” Damian inquires. Not a bad theory. But this level of growth?

“No, even with enhanced size the footprint wouldn’t be correct. This is something else,” Bruce deduces. 

“Did you see what landed this? We’re there any other footprints?” Damian asks. 

“Nope,” Jason pops the ‘p’, “just this one mark. Not any others. It’s like the thing took one step into Gotham and vanished into thin air. Can’t find any security tapes or eyewitnesses of it neither.”

“Curiouser and curiouser.”

“Grayson, are you seriously quoting Disney films right now?” Damian looks offended. 

“Maybe.”

“You’re a child.”

“No, I have a child . Forgive me if I have cartoons on the brain right now; I’ve been watching an awful lot of them.”

“You’ll give him brain rot.”

“I will not.”

“Will too. Danny needs to be consuming media that-”

“Ladies, Ladies, You’re both pretty,” Jason interrupts the pair of brothers, “but seriously, what the fuck left that?”
Notes:

    Danny is now a performing Grayson. Enjoy! Coming up: Danny gets Therapy. Remember, we will see Team Phantom again! Comment away Sweet Finches- I live for them❤️

Chapter 19: The Mindscape Trio
Summary:

    Danny goes to Therapy. Now Dick needs therapy. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 19: The Mindscape Trio

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny walks into a small clinic on the other side of Gotham beside his papa. It isn’t incredibly common for Danny to leave the manor since the incident with the paparazzi, and Danny’s core feels light as if it might flutter away from his body if someone so much as blows in his direction. It is less of a freeing feeling and more of an anxiety provoking one. It’s the sensation of falling intangibly through the floor with no ability to stop himself. And Danny would know.

They enter a reception with a lot of abstract paintings on the walls and a scratchy blue carpet. Papa deposits Danny at a kid’s table with markers and paper while he checks them in, but Danny takes to feeling the scratchy carpet on the floor instead. After a while of seeing how he can get the directions of the carpet imprinted on the skin of his arm by pressing down onto it, Papa joins him, tapping on his phone in a nearby chair. They wait a while, Danny making himself busy with the markers and Papa still typing away on his phone. He answers a brief call and goes back to typing. Danny can feel in his core that his papa is tired, anxious, and a bit annoyed. Oh no, is he annoyed at Danny? He may be able to read auras but he cannot read minds.

Danny sidles over to his papa, opting to crawl the short distance rather than bother with his crutches. He positions himself between his papa’s legs on the floor, wrapping his arms around one of them and leaning his forehead into a calf. 

“Whatcha doing there, little wing?” Papa asks, finishing a message on his phone. He tears his eyes away long enough to look down at Danny quizzically. 

“Dowehamphturgon?” Danny mumbles muffled into his papa’s leg. 

“I’m sorry, I don’t speak turtledove, sweetheart,” papa says, amused. 

“Do we have to go in?” Danny clarifies, lifting his lips off of the leg, but still not meeting his papa’s eyes. He’d explained to Danny that they were here to talk about Danny’s past and work through his emotions. That it might help with Danny’s nightmares. Danny didn’t understand. His nightmares were a problem for bedtime Danny. He was daytime Danny now. How would talking about things now make things any better for bedtime Danny?

“Well, no. But I think it will be good for you. I can stay out here or go in with you if you like. Either way, little wing. And M’gann is so nice. She will be sweet to you, I promise.” Papa had talked about bringing Danny to see a lady named Dr. Dinah, but she was already Papa’s therapist and that apparently made things too complicated. Danny’s new therapist was to be an old friend of his papa’s instead. Which- that did help. Barry and Iris had been so nice to Danny, even if they’d been scary at first. And they were his papa’s friends too.

Danny reburies his face into his papa. Soon after, the receptionist calls Danny’s name. Papa wordlessly scoops Danny up and collects his crutches. He understands intuitively that Danny is tired from the walk here and doesn’t feel like walking himself over. He holds onto his papa’s shirt in lieu of turtling beneath his own. He doesn’t want to stretch the neckline out. 

“Hello there Danny. My name is Meagan,” a female voice says softly and gently. Danny peeks an eye over at a white woman with deep red hair. Her aura is a desert storm polishing stones smooth and settling beneath a hot sun. It’s sunshine and a tropical blizzard, and it calls to Danny like a sunny rock to an iguana.

“Hi, I’m Danny,” Danny supplies, but he doesn’t offer his hand to shake. He hopes that isn’t rude. Meagan doesn’t seem to say anything though. They follow her into a room with lots of bright posters and a small side table with puzzles- the 3D kind where you can move marbles along winding wire tracks. Papa sits on a couch near the side table. Danny fiddles with the marbles and his papa sets him down next to him within better reach of them. 

Meagan explains how therapy works to Danny and tells him that his papa can go or stay- whatever Danny would be more comfortable with. Danny wishes his dad to stay. 

“So I know Dick’s told you about how therapy works. We can talk about your past whenever you’d like but if you want to get to know me first that’s okay too. I’m sure you remember my uncle, Martian Manhunter. I can help inside your mind too if you’d permit me or want me to. But I won’t force it, Danny. We will only do what you’re comfortable with.”

“Wait, does that mean you’re a Martian?” Danny says in awe, finally tearing his eyes away from the marbles on their tracks. Meagan smiles, morphing briefly into a spindly white alien creature and back to human.

“Yes, but I like to take this form at work. It makes humans more comfortable. Not all kids love space and aliens the same way you do Danny.”

Danny realizes he’s dropped his jaw and closes it, allowing a giant grin to replace it. After what feels like eighteen million questions about living on mars , Danny realizes he’s been doing therapy all wrong.

“Oh, I’m sorry. I forgot you’re supposed to ask me questions- not the other way around, right? I just got distracted. I really love space and you’re an alien!”

“Danny it’s alright,” Meagan (M’gann? Papa had pronounced it differently) says with an amused laugh. She sits on a big wheely chair by a desk, her hands propped on her knee and her chin, holding her head up conversationally, “There isn’t one way to do therapy. You’re not doing it wrong at all. If you want to talk about space we can talk about that. Do you sometimes get mad when you’re talking about space and someone tries to change the topic?”

Danny blanks for a second, caught off guard by the question. “Like you’re doing now?” He says with a frown.

Meagan chuckles, “I suppose so. Or if someone changes the conversation from a topic you really like in general. It doesn’t have to be space.”

“But I really like space. Oh and pirates. Grandpa Bruce just finished reading me Treasure Island, which was really good.”

“Yes, like that. If I were to change the topic, would that be upsetting?”

“No, I don’t think so. What do you wanna talk about?” Danny would really rather keep talking about space or Treasure Island, but he supposes that’s not what they are here for.

Meagan writes something down on a notepad for a brief second before continuing.

“Anything at all Danny. Though I do hear that you’ve been having nightmares. Would you want to talk about them? I may be able to help. It’s my job to.”

Danny thinks about it. Meagan had let him go on and on about planets and space, surely he owed this to her? And her aura is so relaxed it was like stargazing and milkshakes, a lazy Saturday evening full of his favorite things. If Danny’s being honest with himself, her aura has a slight soporific effect. Danny wonders if she’s doing it on purpose and nods wordlessly.

“Is there a particular nightmare that you have more often than others?”

“I-. I don’t usually remember my nightmares when I wake up, just that I’ve had them.”

“But you remember some of them? One of them?” Meagan presses, but not intrusively or incessantly. Her question is a gentle nudge from someone trying to help, not hurt, Danny gathers. That helps him not feel threatened, even though he’s been in such a flighty mood since they left the manor a few hours ago.

“Mm. yeah. I ugh… I remember the one where I died the most.” Danny shifts, taking a little piece of paper from the side table and beginning to fold it into an origami crane. His fingers don’t feel as numb as his legs often do, and not nearly to the same extent, but they sometimes tingle. The dexterity of folding the paper focuses them so that he can definitely feel them, pushing any residual tingling aside. Danny seeks out Meagan’s gaze from the corner of his eyes curiously, but she doesn’t seem mad when he insinuates his death. He waits a pause, waiting for her to tell him it isn’t possible that he’s dead or that he can’t possibly be a ghost. Ghosts were evil. When Meagan doesn’t comment for a long pause of silence, Danny continues.

“I… ugh… I was fourteen. It was five years ago. I… ugh. My parents built the portal but it didn’t work. I was goofing off with my friends and Sam wanted me to take a picture inside. I walked to the back of it and showed her a peace sign,” at that, Danny mirrored his story, holding up a peace sign on one hand and flashing a little smile that doesn’t quite reach his eyes, “She wanted me to walk all the way to the back because of some artist-y thing about photography and angles and lighting being more dramatic. On my way back out, I tripped over some cables, snapping them out of place. I guess the portal was on but just inactive, and that turned it on. I… It… I got zapped and the next thing I remember I’m getting pulled out by my wrists and Sam’s checking my pulse. It isn’t there, but I wake up anyway…” Danny trails off, staring into the wall ahead at one of the bright paintings. This is the most he’s remembered the details about his most frequent nightmare. He usually forgets it upon waking or it becomes foggy, receding from his mind like sand through his open fingers. The most he’s been able to talk about it too. 

But it doesn’t make any sense. He’s not that old? He’s never met his biological parents? Papa is his dad now. Danny knows how biological parents work, and he’s been curious about who his are since he became a Grayson, but he hasn’t asked. Danny’s suspicious that it would cause Papa to be sad and deep down he isn’t really sure he wants an answer. It would be better to forget, right?

Small amounts of memory from his life before the GIW have been flickering back, but there’s been a wall in place. Because if he wants to remember before, he has to remember the GIW, and he doesn’t want to do that. And the little he does remember seems to all be so negative. Is Danny sure he even wants to remember anything? What use would it be if it would just cause him to hurt over and over again to know?

“I-” a long pause, “I’m not sure I want to remember the past stuff,” Danny folds the origami in his hands a little clumsily, squishing a corner instead of folding it. Dangit.

“Why…. why am I dreaming it if I don’t want to remember?”

A small weight in his core feels lighter. It was better to talk about it, his papa had been right. Does this mean he won’t have the nightmare anymore? He would be so relieved if that were the case. Maybe he can talk through what he remembers here and his mind will finally lock everything away for good. Pieces that have come back to him here and there have been so scary. Scalpels, stitches, fights, blasts flying by his head. Hiding things, living in fear, anxiety, being in trouble at school. Worry and doubt and guilt and longing. Danny isn’t sure he can understand entirely without the whole picture, but how can all of those things knit together to make a pleasant tapestry? Danny doubts they can. He looks to his Papa and startles when he notices the tears welling at the base of Papa’s lashes. They don’t fall, but Danny catches the glassy liquidness. Papa blinks it away, smiling at Danny comfortingly.

“Was… Was that not the right thing to say?” Danny turns, asking Meagan. He’s been deep in thought while he’s letting his words come and he can’t remember for sure what the last thing he said was. He’s starting to feel nervous again. But Meagan is calm and impassive unlike his papa, and it anchors Danny.

“Not at all Danny. Thank you for sharing with me,” she takes a deep sigh, “Sometimes when we go through tough things, our brains concoct stories to help us manage. To make what we’ve been through seem less bad by comparison. Other times, our minds replay our memories for us in our sleep to help us process. Do you think this one is a story or a memory?”

“A memory,” Danny says with surprising certainty. He isn’t sure how this could have happened to him, he is only six. And he doesn’t know anyone named Sam or Tucker. And he’s never known his parents, “But that can’t be right? I’m only six?”

“That is puzzling. But sometimes puzzles can be solved many different ways, Danny. Sometimes you have to look at them from a different angle. I cannot tell you if it would be better or not for you to remember your past, but I can help you work through it so you can decide that. If we work through your memories and you decide you would be happier not remembering, I can help you erase them if you prefer. But I don’t want to do so before we’ve given you the chance to confront what’s been scaring you. In my experience, it’s hard to decide what’s best for yourself without having the full picture.” Danny thinks about that. It’s a lot to take in. Maybe that tapestry wouldn’t be so ugly if he could just step back and look at the whole thing? And Meagan said he could still throw it away at the end if he wants. Is that what he wants?

“Would you like me to take a look into your mind like Martian Manhunter can do? I can help you be sure that this is a memory and not a story from your mind to protect yourself. I can help untangle any confusion about it for you if you’d like. Would you like that? If when all is said and done and you would still like to forget, I can help you lock this memory away, even if just for now.”

Danny thinks and nods. “Can… Can Papa come too?” Papa has been the one to be there when Danny wakes up in a cold sweat or when he wakes up and has to make it to the bathroom to vomit into the toilet. Now, when Danny wakes up with a start, he expects his Papa there. It helps. Even knowing someone will be there helps. It might help him now. With that, M’gann smiles and Papa puts a hand on the small of Danny’s back reassuringly.

“Of course,” he says, rubbing a small comforting circle.

Placed on Papa’s lap once more, Danny allows Meagan to slip them both into his mind- his memories.

They stand in a massive empty expanse filled to the brim with picture frames on all sides. There’s no walls, but with how crammed the space is with the paintings and pictures, there might as well be. They seem to spiral out in floating layers like a thick cocoon in the ether, shifting so that some pull to the front as others shift backwards simultaneously. Danny spins in a small circle, noticing that his legs don’t feel numb at all for the first time in a long time. He looks down at them, still clothed in the same pants and shoes he is wearing in real life in the therapy office, but without his braces or crutches. He looks up at Papa, surprised. He is standing all on his own! This is wonderful. He smiles and Papa returns the expression.

Back to the task at hand, he turns to look at all the pictures. Most of them are super blurry or even blank, but most have ornate frames, intricate and sharp. This seems to have Meagan frowning in concentration. Danny spots one of the clearer ones, perhaps because it is in one of the largest and most ornate frames, a silvery decorative one adorned with swirls and engravings. This frame remains locked in place and doesn’t shuffle into the back like the others. A small silver plaque at the base reads ‘death day’. He points it out as the one they were talking about. Sharing a glance with each other, Meagan and Papa wordlessly follow him in as they step inside.

Danny, Meagan, and Papa stand intangible and invisible in the memory, which is a little odd. Not the intangibility and the invisibility- those are normal to Danny- but watching himself from the outside is weird. He watches as, just like in his nightmare, he trips and activates the portal. He stares at Papa and Meagan as they watch him accidentally press a hand to a circular bolt in the floor of the portal in his fall, connecting with metal as the portal whirs to life and thousands of volts of electricity shock through him while ectoplasm simultaneously forms in the air in the center of the portal walkway, quickly expanding and filling the space. It envelops teenage Danny’s form at the exact same moment of his death, reviving him at the exact moment of his passing. Shroedinger’s boy, Danny remembers his friends eventually joking with him. Because if you’re revived at the exact moment of your death, were you ever really dead? 

Sam and Tuck shriek his name from outside the entrance. Teen Danny curls up on his hands, fresh with electrical burns but already healing. His hair shifts from black to white and back again, his eyes shifting colors like a flickering lightbulb before settling back on blue. Sam and Tucker pull him out by his wrists, human but not quite entirely anymore. 

The memory fades off as teenage Danny fades to unconsciousness on the floor of the lab. Mindscape Danny, Papa, and Meagan find themselves back in the wall-less framed space. Something about this place strikes Danny as familiar. Before Papa and Meagan can react, it occurs to Danny, distracting him. 

“Oh, this place reminds me of Longnow!” Danny exclaims to a very confused and emotional Papa. His aura is pulled in multiple different directions, the forefront of which include confusion, sadness, anger, and searching. Danny wasn’t sure ‘searching’ could be an emotion per se but that’s the only way he can describe that part of his papa’s aura now. Is he searching for Danny? But Danny is right here? Maybe he seeks answers. Longnow might be able to help! Clockwork always has answers when Danny has questions. Determined to be helpful, Danny takes Papa’s hand and leads him to a clock hanging on the wall in and amongst the frames. They float upwards together, defying gravity. Usually, Danny doesn’t float other people without having to actively think about it, but the motion is effortless here. Maybe physics are weird here, like frames hanging in mid air with no walls. 

Danny floats them to the clock that pushes forward, shuffling the frames around it backwards like a deck of cards. When Danny taps the secondhand on the clock, they are transported into Longnow. Danny cannot hide his excitement at the familiar place. So many of his memories here are good. They may be blurred or blocked all together, but Danny can remember that this is a good place and that Clockwork is a good ghost. A flurry of multiple memories flurries around them simultaneously like a spinning kaleidoscope. Danny closes his eyes and smiles into the sensation like a cat basking in the sunlight, but Papa staggers back, dazed at the rush of light and colliding foreign memories. 

“Hold on, I can focus them for us,” Meagan offers without moving her lips at all, pointing a hand, and her eyes glow green momentarily. The memories slow into one at a time instead of all at once, landing on one where Danny (a fifteen year old one) sits near Clockwork at a work table across the room. Clockwork’s back is to him and Danny fiddles with something small at his own table, tinkering. Papa steadies in the absence of the overwhelming kaleidoscope, taking in the scene.

“Hey Grandfather.”

“Yes, Daniel?”

“What’s with the spy glasses? I mean the clock obsession I get- you’re literally the ghost of time. But what do spy glasses have to do with anything? Like, you can literally see whatever you want whenever in your time mirror thingamajigies.”

“My time mirror ‘thingamajigies’ do let me see all, but it is nice to have a hobby is it not?” Fifteen-year-old Danny giggles, amused at having gotten Clockwork to say such a silly phrase. It was a fun gag he had going- how many stupid things or slang phrases could he trick the ancient master of time to say? Just last week he’d successfully gotten Clockwork to say ‘for shizzle’ and Danny had nearly lost his mind snorting with laughter. Clockwork’s response was always a small wry placating smile and his core always thrummed with amusement. Danny knew he just gave in to humor Danny. There was no real ‘tricking’ involved. But still, to have an adult of sorts oblige with his games and pay so much attention to Danny? It meant the world.

“Is this one new? I don’t remember you being obsessed with spy glasses when we first met. It was only clocks and time I think? Can ghosts develop new obsessions?” There was still so much Danny didn’t know about ghost culture, though Clockwork had recently started teaching him. He’d insisted Danny could ask him any questions, however embarrassing. Clockwork reminded Danny that it was okay for him to not know such things yet- by ghost standards he was basically an infant.

“Yes, Daniel. Ghosts’ obsessions can change with time,” Clockwork started patiently, “They may expand or a ghost can pick up a new one. For example, your obsession of protection mostly encompasses Amity Park, but it could one day expand to more. To nearby cities. To the Infinite Realms, even.” Clockwork says this last bit with a smirk, which Danny picks up on. He pauses in his tinkering.

“Wait, are you saying that because you know it will happen or are we talking hypotheticals here?” Danny questions in his over-enunciated way of his, popping his ‘p’s and pronouncing his ‘r’s with ringing clarity for emphasis. His voice cracks a little on ‘here’ at the end and he hopes Clockwork takes it for puberty rather than anxiety, though in truth Danny isn’t sure which really caused it. He hopes for puberty. Since he died at 14 he isn’t entirely sure he’ll get to finish that particular process… but that was WAY too embarrassing to ask the god of time, regardless of what he’d said about embarrassing questions. Danny would rather just wait that out and see if it came on its own. Clockwork doesn’t reply but only smiles over his shoulder in an increasingly familiar ‘I can’t tell you or it will mess with the timestream’ type look.

“Awe Damn, I get obsessive over all the infinite realms?” Danny squawks,
“That’s so much responsibility I mean I can’t even keep Amity safe??? And I’m just a kid- I mean I can’t even get a good score on the ACT. How am I supposed to protect all of the infinite realms!”

“Patience, Daniel. I did not say anything. You merely assume. All will be alright.” At this point, Danny kicks up off of his desk and floats towards Clockwork, his own trinket still in hand. It becomes obvious he is working on assembling some type of miniature model of a rocketship while Clockwork assembles spy glasses, likely what sparked the conversation in the first place.

“Well you know what assuming does,” Danny says, deflecting and trying to prompt Clockwork into finishing with ‘makes an ass out of u and me’. Clockwork does not oblige this time. Curse words were apparently where Clockwork drew the line in Danny’s little game.

“Damnit I’m gonna get you to cuss one day Clocks, I swear.” Danny floats down to Clockwork’s workbench with a small frustrated huff, setting his chin on the table level with the spyglass. Clockwork chuckles softly. He doesn’t indulge in the profanity, but he doesn’t admonish Danny for taking part like a real guardian would. Like his mother often does. When she’s paying attention.

“You know, Daniel, spy glasses were an invention that led to the creation of your beloved telescopes. These cannot see as far as space from Earth, but they were a precursor for their cousins.” This perks Danny up as any mention of space is guaranteed to do.

“You have a point!” Danny smiles, beaming down at his rocket model and the spyglass Clockwork builds.

“I can show you how to build your own proper telescope if you wish.”

“Really??”

“They are similar enough in construction to a spyglass. We can learn together.”

The memory swirls away and the trio is left back in Danny’s mindscape of picture frames.

“So those were definitely both memories and not stories,” Meagan says neutrally, observantly. Papa frowns, confused. Danny doesn’t like him being confused. Clockwork is great! He isn’t something to be confused about. Danny floats up to his Papa and hugs his chest with a squeeze before leaning back and smiling. That was a happy memory, see? He wants to communicate. It wasn’t bad like the death day one. Happy memories were here too. Papa was right, therapy is good. Danny doesn’t feel that sense of untethered anxiety that plagued him when he arrived. Being in his own mind is like a comfort. He’s home, in a way. Well, not home home. His old home. But still home? Danny is starting to feel confused himself. Ugh go away confusion! It must be contiguous and catching. Danny makes a motion like shooing away flies.

“Is there anything more you would like to show us before we have to end for today Danny? They can be good or bad, memories or stories. Whatever you think would help you the most or whatever you would like to do,” Meagan offers. Danny thinks for a moment. There is one dream he’s had several times in the last few weeks with increasing clarity each time. He isn’t absolutely positive if it's a story or a memory. It doesn’t feel like his past life, but it isn’t a dream about the GIW either. Maybe Meagan can tell him for sure. 

Danny turns around in his mindscape, looking for the right picture. He’s about to give up, figuring that it might not be here, when he notices a small keyhole-shaped frame at the top of the collection. The frames readjust when he sets his focus on it, parting and allowing it to float down to them instead. This is one of the blurrier images and Danny isn’t 100% sure what they’re about to see. Danny touches it and they’re transported inside.

They’re in the Far Frozen and Danny can feel the frost on his breath. He smiles, leaning into the sensation. Papa shivers slightly behind him, but with a touch from Meagan, the cold seems to filter away. They stand, intangible and invisible in the scene. It’s a familiar room- the medical room Frostbite had arranged for him. In the center sits a large glass vat with a strange slightly luminescent blue substance. It feels kinda like ectoplasm but that can’t be right. Ectoplasm is green.

In the center bottom of the vat lies Danny as an Uilnow. It’s kinda dark, save for the blue luminescence, so it must be night in this section of the Infinite Realms. Each realm operates a little differently and day and night cycles can be weird. The Far Frozen has extra long days and rather short nights. 

Vat Danny breaths slowly and shallowly- moreso than usual- and his eyes flicker open and shut. He must be half asleep (half dead asleep haha). Danny chuckles inwardly at his mental joke. He looks to Papa and Meagan who look at him with amused and confused smiles. Oh, Danny thinks he had laughed a little more outwardly than he realized. Their attention refocuses behind him on the tank. Danny turns around to continue observing.

A small swirling green portal opens from within the tank. The ectoplasm does not rush out somehow. It’s like magic! Long spindled hands reach through. They’re wrapped in gray gloves and the wrists are coated in watches. That’s Clockwork! Danny smiles at Papa. See? Clockwork isn’t bad! He makes me happy. He hopes the expression conveys. The hands cradle the vat Danny and pull him through the portal. The mindscape trio is swirled along with him and their surroundings morph to a familiar place: Longnow once more. They’re in the mirror room. Long Gilded mirrors float at the edges of the room off the walls- it’s what had reminded Danny of Longnow in his mindscape.

Clockwork holds Uilnow Danny in his gloved hands in the form of an old man- Grandfather Clock style. Tears track down his face, which Danny is stunned to see. He had forgotten Clockwork had been crying. Or he hadn’t noticed? He had remembered he’d been sad but he can’t remember ever seeing Clockwork cry. And Danny has the feeling that isn’t because of his missing memories, but because Clockwork simply doesn’t cry. But here he is, doing just that. The tears are otherworldly and purplish.

“Daniel,” Clockwork speaks in a language familiar to all three of the mindscape trio: English, “I’m so sorry, Daniel. I am so sorry. Forgive me. I have never wanted to shake the universe apart and let it fall to ribbons as much as I do for you. But I cannot. This must come to pass. I- I love you my grandson.” Mindscape Danny’s core whirls through the one sided conversation. At first, he feels an overwhelming sense of joy at seeing Clockwork again- his grandfather! But then, as Clockwork continues to speak, the sadness emanating from the ghost's core permeates the air and Danny’s core begins to fall to dread. At that last sentiment, at ‘I love you my grandson’, Danny’s tapered ears prick backwards slightly, mirroring his fox ears as much as they can in his human form. 

No. Please, don’t. You don’t have to- Why are you-

The mindscape trio watches as Clockwork opens another portal, this one a thick purplish slime, and places Danny through it. This portal is different. It doesn’t cross over just space, but through dimensions as well. The setting swirls around them again and they watch from the other side of the portal as Clockwork abandons Danny in the heart of the lab that was to be his new hellish residence for the next few months. Surprised scientists jump back from the portal, but once it’s closed, they gather closer in curiosity at the limp, barely conscious Danny before them on the floor.

Danny’s core races in place of a heartbeat and he backs away, tail tucked and ears down. Oh, he’s turned into an Uilnow in his mindscape. Now he mirrors his past self in appearance.

No no no no no he doesn’t want to see this again. He closes his eyes but he can still see the scene playing out before them. Scientists compose themselves, looking to one another before crowding forth and leaning over a very frightened Danny. The memory Danny. He musters up all the strength he can to stand on shaking legs- very new legs- and growls defensively at them. A scientist reaches a halting hand towards Danny, who immediately bites down harder and faster than should be physically possible. It does not matter that the scientist wears thick gloves. Danny’s fangs sink in anyway.

The scientist swears, and another yanks Danny back and off of them, grabbing a hand around Danny’s muzzle to close it forcefully within the same motion. Danny squirms beneath the grip, flailing with all his energy, but the scientist is able to keep his restraint. The bit scientist removes a glove, looking down at their hand which oozes with ectoplasmic residue. Their eyes widen in surprise, then narrow curiously. They reach up to their face and remove their glasses, their mouth opening in a surprised ‘oh!’. They hold the glasses up and back again, removing them permanently. It becomes clear to the other scientists that they no longer require corrective lenses: something about Danny’s bite has cured their vision issues. They all look to Danny, who still bucks and wiggles in the other scientist’s grip.

Someone procures a sedative in a syringe and plunges it into Danny’s flank. The first of many to come. Uilnow Danny’s glowing green eyes grow dull and unfocused.

Meagan’s own eyes glow green and mindscape Danny opens his eyes. Tears trail down his cheeks and he cannot breathe. He is back in that place again and he can’t- he can’t- They’re going to- He’s going to- It’s going to happen all over again. He-

“Hey, Danny. It’s alright it’s gone. We’re back to reality now. You can breathe. There you go,” Papa soothes, rubbing Danny’s back and hugging him close. The hug reveals to Danny that he’s a boy once more. Oh are they back in the office? Danny blinks his eyes and they refocus on his surroundings, which have changed once more. He’s right. He’s human (ish) again and they sit in the office with Meagan. They’re back in reality.

Back at the manor, Papa’s tucked Danny into bed for the night. They’d read together, using one of his smaller books with the words that are easier to read and pronounce so that Danny can read too. Papa has made sure that Danny has Penguin and enough pillows to nest around him a little bit to make his bed extra cozy the way he likes. He’d had a glass of warm strawberry milk and a chocolate chip cookie. As his papa tiptoes to the door and turns off the light, Danny drifts off to sleep peacefully. He hopes he won’t have a nightmare since he went to therapy today. Would he be cured of them now? he wonders? Danny hopes so.
Notes:

    Hello Sweet Finches! In my universe for this story, Danny’s parents didn’t put the on button inside the portal. His tripping and disconnecting certain cables with a human inside the portal is what activated it. Danny’s parents were still careless by leaving it on even if it's not working, but it wasn’t nearly as blatant of an oversight as building the whole damn thing with the on button on inside. That concept works for the show and for other fics as a comical bit but tonally I didn’t think that fit into the lore here as well so it’s changed in my story. Danny’s lichtenberg scar comes from accidentally landing on a circular bolt in the floor that’s metal. Oh also I know it's spelled Megan. I decided to spell her name Meagan. I just like it better for her character because why not? In other unrelated news, I changed my puppy’s name one last time. In these two weeks I’ve had her, I’ve decided Indigo just doesn’t fit her personality. Her name is Saoirse (pronounced Sir-Sha) and is a reference to the film Song of the Sea. Her and Penguin are getting along famously and Saoirse’s training is going very well.

Chapter 20: The Batmeeting 2
Summary:

    Another Batmeeting. More information gathered. Dick and Danny POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 20: The Batmeeting 2

 

~~

Dick

~~

 

Dick’s mind is reeling during the car ride home from Danny’s first therapy appointment. He’s going to have to tell Bruce and Tim. Well, everyone really. Perhaps this warrants a bat meeting tonight. Thankfully, Alfred had the sense of mind not to ask quite yet from the front seat, though he surely gathered Dick’s low mood. He trusts his unofficial grandson to tell him in due time and has the better sense not to ask about how things went in front of Danny. 

They’d all known their initial hypothesis of ‘test subject since infancy’ didn’t measure up. Danny knows about things like birthday parties and school. Things he would never have learned about in that environment. And then there had been the initial slip up almost telling them he was nineteen, when he clearly wasn’t. This was smelling more and more like magic. Where the fuck are Constantine and Zatanna? When they’d been unable to locate the English bastard, they’d tried tracking down the mage, only to discover she is on the same interdimensional mission he is. It’s apparently an all-hands-on-deck type crisis for Justice League Dark; most of their members are deployed on the mission.

Had Danny been de-aged? Is he some sort of semi-immortal slow aging being like Clarion? There is the chance that he actually is nineteen but a slow ager, but he had corrected himself to say he was five. Unless he was trying to blend in as a normal human boy? Dick doesn’t think that was Danny’s motive. He had made no effort to hide his powers, his black fingers and toes, or his tapered ears and baby fangs. Dick takes out his phone and types into the master bat chat which includes all of his siblings (adopted or otherwise), Bruce, and Alfred. Barbara had added Jason back into this one as well the other day after he’d rejoined the batkids chat.

 

Dick Grayson:

I think we need to have another full house bat meeting tonight. I learned some new things about Danny in therapy today. It’ll be easier to catch everyone up at the same time.

 

Bruce Wayne:

I’ll make sure to have Clark cover the streets of Gotham for the evening.

 

Jason Todd:

With him present, it'll be a quiet night. He’ll just have to flash his cape. No one will act up with him around.

 

Barbara Gordon:

Is Danny okay?

 

Dick sighs, looking down to his son beside him in the car, strapped in a car seat. His son who might be a great number of things. Was Dick too hasty in adopting him? Not that he didn’t love Danny no matter what, but if Danny regains his full memories, is this what he wants? It seems so much more complicated than when Bruce adopted Dick. But that’d been over a decade ago and Dick hadn’t had amnesia. Murdered/dead parents, sure, but he knew exactly who he was and what had happened. And Dick had been a bit older as well. Still, he’d only been eight. Wow. He’d been eight. Dick sometimes forgets just how young he was when things went down at Haley’s circus all those years ago. He had felt much older at the time, but he supposes any kid would have given the circumstances. Did Danny feel older than he was? And did that make him feel older than six or older than nineteen? 

Ugh this was giving Dick a headache. It doesn’t help that he’d gone back to work and the transfer to Gotham PD was a bit more hectic than he’d expected. Between that and his work as Nightwing, he’s been getting less and less sleep. Dick doesn’t know what he’d do without his family. Moving back into the manor, even if temporarily, has been a great asset. Between Tim, Damian, Alfred, and Bruce living right there, Dick is often able to easily get help watching Danny when he’s busy. Even though they’re all insanely busy, the overlap of so many people helps. It takes a village indeed, Dick thinks to himself.

 

Dick Grayson:

He’s okay for now. I think therapy did help him. He just… I’ll tell you later tonight. It’ll be easier in person.

Stephanie Brown:

Give the kid a squeeze for me okay?

 

Damian Al Ghul Wayne:

Oh please, it is Grayson. He will have already done so in excess.

 

Stephanie Brown:

No such thing as too many hugs for Danny. That kid needs to make up for lost time.

 

Cassandra Cain:

Perhaps.

 

Jason Todd:

What do you mean Cass?

 

Tim Drake Wayne:

Things just don’t line up with what we thought. We’ve known that for a while. I suspect Dick will share with the class this evening, but there’s the chance Danny isn’t what or who we thought he was. Not that we’ve ever had a strong understanding of it.

 

Perceptive as always Timmy, Dick thinks. Tim always does gather the intentions behind words as well as their meaning. For someone as few-worded and quiet as Cass, it’s often a welcome reprieve. She still has good and bad days communicating. Text and sign language are usually better than speaking, but they are still difficult for her at times. It seems like today is a day of fewer words. Dick imagines on the other end of her phone that she is grateful for Tim’s elaboration- so that she doesn’t have to provide one.

 

Stephanie Brown:

Of course we know who Danny is. He’s Danny. 

 

Tim Drake Wayne:

You know what I mean, Steph.

 

Duke Thomas:

Keep us foreigners updated.

Dick Grayson:

Will do.

 

With that, Dick clicks his phone off and slips it back into his pocket. Danny was sitting beside him in the back seat, content on his switch playing animal crossing. It hadn’t been long after Tim had gifted it to him that he’d shown Danny how to set up his island and Danny was quite the animal crossing mogul. He’d taken to theming his island after Neverland from Peter Pan. Every square inch of beach was plastered with pirate paraphernalia and he’d made a little mermaid cove as well. He’d made regions of the island into the indian camp, pixie hollow, and the lost boy’s hideout. There was also a random alcove with all the space decorations like telescopes and a little rocketship, even if it didn’t fit the theme.

Danny seems alright, quite recovered from the ordeal. Dick is proud. He’d expected therapy to be quite a bit harder for Danny. But Danny had been more delighted at seeing and remembering ‘Clockwork’ than he had been upset at seeing the memories. Which… M’gann had confirmed that they were memories and not baseless nightmares. But that means Danny had died? The plaque reading ‘death day’ still scrolls behind Dick’s eyes. Dick didn’t want to believe that. Danny can’t be dead. He is right here, happy and humming playing animal crossing.

But Dick knows better. Jason died and was back, and the same substance that had brought him back courses through Danny’s own veins. But what does it mean?

__

 

Later that night in the batcave, Dick’s family sits and stands surrounding the bat computer which displays all of the case files Bruce and Tim have created surrounding the GIW mission and Danny. Dick finishes relaying all he’d seen in Danny’s memories.

“Does M’gann have a theory?” Tim asks, fingertips pressed together like some evil mastermind in thought. Dick nods solemnly.

“She said that they were definitely memories, not nightmares. And she could find no evidence that they’d been planted or fabricated. Those things did happen to Danny. So he has to have been deaged, though when or why we don’t know. I don’t know if every single nightmare or dream he’s been having has been real, but those three were at least. M’gann thinks it might be a magical situation or an interdimensional one.”

“Interdimensional?” Tim inquires, eyes narrowing.

“Yeah. We did find files on a Daniel James Fenton. But it’s possible that we’re dealing with multiple different dimensions here. If our dimension’s Daniel Fenton did die as an infant, Danny could be him from another dimension. It would explain why he seems to have memories of his parents and his sister and some semblance of a normal childhood before his time at the GIW. Maybe his travel here de-aged him because that’s the age his counterpart here is supposed to be. I don’t know- it seems kinda convoluted to me. But it is a theory.”

“I don’t know,” Tim says, clicking on the bat computer and pulling up a few key Danny files, “It could make sense why none of the GIW files I was able to salvage on ‘subject 2394’ are connected to Daniel Fenton, even though the Fenton family was associated with the GIW. I was theorizing that it was because I was missing the connection in the lost files when they started deleting shit, but it’s possible that the GIW doesn’t even know Danny is Daniel.”

“Because maybe he’s not,” Jason adds, frowning, “Think the kid just picked that name? Maybe he read it on a file there?”

“Danny doesn’t know how to read. Or at least he didn’t until he just started learning since coming to us,” Alfred reminds.

“Oh yea, that’s right,” Jason admits. Bringing them back to their interdimensional theory.

“What about the pits? What role do they play in all of this? Danny’s clearly got Lazarus water pumpin’ through him. And his eyes are that same shade of green. And they glow sometimes. Does that have to do with his powers? But nobody I know who’s been dipped in the pits has gotten fangs or elf ears or black fingers.”

“Sure you haven’t been hiding them? C’mon Jace, show us your baby fangs!” Stephanie jokes, moving to stick her fingers in his mouth. Jason evades and the two scuffle before Bruce’s Batman glare sinks in and they shove off of each other, Stephanie smiling broadly and Jason scowling grumpily.

“And what is a ‘core’ really?” Babs inquires, “Is he an alien in his universe? Or do all humans have that where he comes from?” 

“I just don’t think we’re going to know until the child unlocks his memories for himself,” Alfred postulates in another rare contribution to the conversation. Tim and Bruce frown together in a mirror image of one another. They hate not having all the answers.

“And isn’t most of Justice League Dark on a big interdimensional mission right now? When did they leave for it? Could that be related? It seems awfully coincidental if Danny is from another dimension and there’s an interdimensional mission afoot.”

“Tim, did you just say ‘afoot’? What are you, Sherlock holmes?” Stephanie chuckles.

“Afoot is a perfectly real word, Brown,” Damian supports. The siblings bicker and tease one another but Dick’s mind drifts. How did so many different seemingly unrelated factors come into play in one very complicated child? Dick’s child? He frowns, his stomach no less tied in knots than it had been earlier this day.

“You said that he knew a… ghost… named Clockwork, Dick? The master of time?” Barbara asks, breaking Dick out of his inward spiral. Dick nods. Their siblings quiet around them, coming back to the issue at hand.

“He referred to Danny as his grandson, whatever that means. The feeling seems to be mutual. Danny was really excited to see him.” The knot in Dick’s stomach tightens. Was Clockwork a legal guardian for Danny? He had seemed genuinely happy with the ghost in the memory. What did that mean for Dick? Where was Clockwork now? If he was the ghost of all time, how could he be so powerful yet let Danny fall into the hands of the GIW?

“Is Danny a ghost if his grandfather is one? It doesn’t seem like the ‘ghost of time’ would be someone who’d once been alive but died. Maybe in his dimension, ghosts are just what they call their species?” Stephanie asks, surprisingly beating Tim to the observation. 

“He can’t be, I mean-” Dick starts, but can’t find himself able to finish the thought. He had died, supposedly. He could go invisible and pass through walls. The other powers were something that didn’t belong in a b-list horror movie per se, but since when were bad movies fully accurate of real life? Zombie movies certainly didn’t capture Jason correctly and that’s what he had to be, right? The resurrected? The raised dead? Dick knew ghosts technically existed but they’d always been undetectable and not his problem. No one else in the league could even see Deadman without Constantine’s ritualistic assistance. They existed separate from the real world and they were easy to forget and ignore. But not Danny. He is corporeal more than he is not and it seems to take energy to become invisible, not the other way around.

“Did I… was I too hasty in adopting Danny?” Dick blurts out, his heart breaking in two. He wasn’t sure he wanted to lay that thought out in the open, but it’s too late. He’s too sleep deprived and emotionally exhausted to filter himself properly, apparently. Dick looks to Bruce, his dad, who looks back with a blank expression. But Dick’s known the man for years. He can see the pain and the reserved smile behind the stoic face.

“You did what you thought was best Dick; I don’t think anyone can fault you for that.”

“But if Danny really is nineteen. If he has a grandfather, potentially a whole other family who loves him and misses him, how can I have done this?” No one seems to have the answer to his question. “If he gets all his memories back, if he somehow gets back to his normal age, how could I expect him to stay here? Stay with me?” 

Barbara wheels beside Bruce to share in his small, sad eyes. And seeing them both there like that… two of the people who’ve been in his life the longest. Smiling at him sadly without the answers to his questions. Dick feels even smaller and more lost than before. But crap- he will NOT be crying in the cave with almost his entire family present. Jason and Damian will never let him hear the end of it. But he can’t stop the tears from welling. Dang his sleep deprived, stressed out, non-existent filter! Being a dad has made him soft. Oh who is Dick kidding; he’s always been a bleeding heart. But he’s never been so weepy before. 

His siblings are trained by the world’s greatest detective- by Batman. They won’t miss the way his eyes sheen with liquid or the way he has to focus on his breathing more than usual to prevent from sobbing. Still, Dick fights the urge to crumple into a ball and dissolve in a puddle of tears.

Surprising every single person in the room, and potentially even himself, Damian strides forward and wraps Dick in a hug from the side. Dick looks down at his brother, the gremlin, the demon head’s grandson, hugging him with wide eyes. Damian does not like touch. He likes affection even less. And he is hugging Dick.

Dick can’t hold it in any longer. Tears fall down his cheeks. Tears of worry. Of grief for all Danny had to endure. And of the uncertainty of their future. Will Danny even be able to achieve his proper age again? Would Constantine and Zatanna be able to reverse whatever spell or phenomenon it was that deaged him? Will that even be what Danny would want? He’d mentioned not wanting to remember. Should Dick and M’gann respect that wish? But he is only 6 years old; can he truly know what’s best for himself? Should he even have the autonomy to make that decision for himself? But how can Dick be any better a decision maker? He doesn’t know what happened to Danny and they aren’t even sure where Danny comes from or what he is. All of these questions swirl in Dick’s overwhelmed mind and it’s like he felt in Danny’s mindscape in Longnow- a swirling kaleidoscope blurring in front and around him in a dizzying display. But this time, it's a kaleidoscope of emotion rather than memory.

Dick hugs Damian back, allowing him to press into Dick’s abdomen. It is easy to forget how short Damian is, being an 11 year old. The kid holds himself so high and with so much confidence it’s easy to forget he is a child himself. Not even a teen yet. And Danny might actually be older than him? Only 7 years younger than Dick? Oh crap, that’s basically the same age as Jason. Dick cannot be a dad to someone Jason’s age??? What was his life becoming?? 

The room stills in stunned silence, watching Damian, the least tactile bat of the bunch, hug Dick, the family member he seems to like the least. But something had been shifting in them the past months since Danny had come. They were more like brothers now. Dick feels a hand on the small of his back. It’s Barbara, giving her support in a way she can from her wheelchair. But then a third embrace. One far too short to be any of the bats.

Dick looks down at his calves at a bleary-eyed Danny who hugs around his legs with a confused expression on his face. It's clear that he just woke up and came to find someone. He holds Penguin tightly in one hand against his chest. How did he sneak up on an entire batcave full of vigilantes? Likely invisibility. Dangit Danny, he isn’t supposed to be using his powers! But Dick doesn’t have the heart to hold it against the kid. He doesn’t seem fully awake and it might have been second nature to use them. Dick notices he didn’t bring his crutches or even his braces. Wow, maybe he is making more progress than they thought. Or he’d flown here. Either way, he is likely to be sore and needing some help moving around to get back up to bed.

Dick’s brain switches into planning mode. He wonders if he can ask Barbara where she gets her chairs from. If Danny does continue to need mobility aids, it would benefit him to have a wheelchair to use for longer distances and worse days. Dick can’t scoop him up in his arms when he needs it forever, even if he would gladly do so.

Dick bends down and scoops up his son. His son, his brain fiercely clings to. Danny may still age back up, or his other dimension family might come for him, or he might gain his memories or a great number of things, but right here and right now, Danny is his son, and he will be here for him. Dick’s tears run anew. He’s just so overwhelmed and tired. It’s been a long week with work and the night life and Therapy today was just the emotional last straw.

“Why are you sad Papa? Is everything okay?”

“Yeah squirt, your dad’s fine. Why don’t we let him catch a break and I can hang out with you for a bit before we get you back to bed. Did you have a nightmare?” Jason asks, surprising Dick by gently taking Danny from his arms. Danny shakes his head no and rubs his eyes with a fist. Well, that’s good at least. He wants to protest, to continue to hug his son, but he recognizes that how emotional he feels might scare Danny. Dick makes the effort to smile at Danny.

“Yeah I’m fine, just a little overtired. Why don’t you and Jay hang out for a bit; I think I just need a moment.” Dick watches as Jason carries Danny back upstairs. Danny who, now a bit more fully awake, is taking in the batcave with wide eyed wonder. He stares particularly longingly at the giant penny with rapt curiosity.

Thanks Jay, Dick thinks, already collecting himself and turning to his family, a bit embarrassed by his breakdown. They’re vigilantes. They don’t break down like this. But luckily, none of them seem to admonish him for it- even Damian. Who- wow. Dick can’t believe he got a hug out of the demon spawn.

“So Damian, I take it you’re going to be a cuddly kid from now on? Who knew you had it in you!” He teases, unable to help himself.

“You simply needed emotional assistance. It is not my fault that you are weak enough to need comfort,” Damian sniffs, but Dick can see through the arrogant guise.

“Naw I think you looove me Dames,” Dick teases, ruffling Damian’s hair. Damian growls. Literally growls like a feral animal before tearing after Dick, who front flips away out of reach. He can hear his siblings taking bets in the background of how long he can last before the brat stabs him and Alfred has to step in and end things. 

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny and his uncle Jace make their way through the quiet Manor, motion lights flickering on before them through each hall. He had woken up when his core had been pulled towards his papa’s distressed aura. He’d been overwhelmed, sad, frightened, confused, and still the emotion of searching. Danny couldn’t quite figure it out but it felt a lot like he had in the mindscape, but stronger this time. It was the sensation of a great tent’s pole cracking and snapping under the pressure, and the tent tarp coming down heavy and smothering on the inhabitants. Danny had wanted to help, but he’d been so tired and his legs were taking too long to wake up with the rest of him. He knew he probably shouldn’t, but he flew down to his papa, only allowing his legs to settle on the ground when he was able to pop back into visibility and lean against his papa for balance.

Danny and his uncle make their way back to Danny’s room. Awe dangit. Now that Danny’s awake, he doesn’t really want to go back to bed. He’d probably only slept for like an hour, but he feels wide awake now! Danny squirms in Jason’s arms.

“Hey kiddo cool your jets. If you wanna walk just say so!” Jason sets Danny down on the carpet, but keeps his hand held to catch him if he stumbles. Danny prides himself in making it all the way to a parlor (Danny still doesn’t understand the difference between a sitting room, a parlor room, and a living room. They all seem the same to him) which Danny guides Jason to instead of his bedroom. He isn’t ready for bed yet!

Ooh there it is! Danny opens a small cabinet with games in it and finds the box he’s looking for. It’s his pirate ship puzzle that Bruce got him for his birthday a few weeks ago. He’d been saving it to build it, but right now is the perfect time. And Jason likes pirates too right? Well, at least he likes Treasure Island too.

Jason chuckles a little, “Okay I guess we can build a puzzle before you go back to bed. Why not?”

They sit in amicable silence while Danny builds his puzzle. Jason pulls out a book from the inside of his jacket pocket and reads while Danny builds. It’s a teeny book, pocket sized, and it fits in one hand easily. Jason sits with his feet propped up on the leg of one of the chairs, his shoes popped off on the floor. He looks so cozy. When he’d first started visiting the manor, he was always tense. He walked looking around corners as if trying to avoid everybody else. Danny decides it’s nice to see him so relaxed and at home. Maybe he would come to live here again. Danny knows it would make Grandpa Bruce so happy! But for now, Danny will enjoy his visits when they come.

Jason closes his book and resumes watching Danny build, helping with a piece here or there when Danny’s fingers stumble. Jason assures Danny that he isn’t super good with legos and that Danny is obviously much better, but he seems to be helpful from Danny’s perspective at least. After a while, Jason reveals a shocking revelation.

“You’ve been watching a lot of Disney movies right? Has Dickie shown you Treasure Planet yet?”

“What’s Treasure Planet?” Jason smirks mischievously.

“Oh nothing. It’s just a movie about Treasure Island…. But in space.” Danny stops building, jaw dropped and looks to his uncle. 

“Treasure Island in space????!!!!!” Danny squeaks. He floats off of his seat a little and Jason chuckles, grounding him with a hand to his shoulder.

“I wonder if Dick is just an idiot who didn’t think to show it to you, or if he was hiding it from you because he knew how obsessive you’d get. Wanna watch it before I take you back to bed?”

“Ugh, YES !” Danny gasps out, absurdly excited. His favorite things in one movie? And about a book he loved? Yes please! Jason helps Danny put the unused pieces away and they set the partially finished pirate ship on the table above on the cabinet’s surface for later. Finding another room that has a tv in it (maybe that was the difference between a parlor and a living room? Danny still is confused by that), Jason pulls Danny close and starts the film.

An hour and some change later, Dick, Barbara, and Damian come to find them.

“I can’t believe you haven’t already shown him this movie Dick. That’s basically negligence on your part. For shame,” Jason chides.

“Awe I was saving it for when Bruce could watch with him! He’s gonna be so disappointed!”

“To be fair, I don’t think he was ever gonna find the time ta sit down and watch a Disney movie start to finish, Dickie. You were gonna leave poor Danny high and dry waiting forever to watch what will obviously be his favorite movie of all time.”

“I suppose you have a point,” Papa concedes. Danny shifts, allowing his other family members to join him on the couch. Papa lifts him into his lap. Danny can feel Papa’s aura in his core. It’s much recovered from whatever emotional fiasco it had been down in the cave. It glows warm like melted glass in a glass-blowing workshop, colorful and expanding into beautiful shapes and art with heat and a practiced hand. Danny basks in the feeling, allowing his purr to roar louder with the music of the movie in the background. Papa snuggles him tight, ruffling his hair and pressing a kiss to the top of his head. Red and white swirl in Papa’s aura, that feeling of family.
Notes:

    Poor Dick. He just needs a break to process everything. I originally considered having Danny pop in when Dick asks if he was too hasty in adopting Danny which would have made Danny misunderstand and think he wasn't wanted here, but it didn't really fit with the plot I have coming/I'm not THAT evil. So some fluff instead. I'd been wanting to have Danny discover Treasure Planet for a while and finally had the opportunity to include it. Ta daaaa! What do you think my sweet finches?

Chapter 21: Mr. and Mrs. Fenton
Summary:

    Sam, Tucker, and Jazz cannot find Danny. They have come to the conclusion that they need to tell Danny and Jazz's parents. They need to tell them everything. Sam POV

Notes:

    TW: Parental neglect

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 21: Mr. and Mrs. Fenton

 

~~

Sam, Several Months Ago

~~

 

After Frostbite had gotten Danny settled in the vat to rest for the night, Frostbite had set up guest quarters for the group. Sam and Tucker had managed to fake sleepovers at each other's houses to create a cover for their disappearance. Jazz hadn’t needed to bother- her parents wouldn’t notice anyway. Sam had been reluctant to leave Danny alone, but Tucker had convinced her that they did need to sleep. Plus, if Danny woke up tomorrow and transformed back, they’d want to be there for him, not dead on their feet ( hah ). Oh the jokes Danny would make with that sentiment. It’d only lowered Sam’s mood further. Surely he would be alright?

Several times in the night, Sam had thought to go back to Danny’s hut and crash on the couch there. But she hadn’t been absolutely confident that she’d be able to navigate to the right hut alone, and she didn’t want to disturb any of the yetis. The days were so much longer than the nights in this sector of the infinite realms and Sam didn’t want to disturb the precious little night time they had. She still wasn’t absolutely certain how that worked: how some areas of the infinite realms seemed to work under different rules of time or space or even physics, and not linearly like time zones. Pandora’s realm was so nearby and they had much more normal day and night cycles. But Sam supposed that wasn’t her right to know. Sometimes things were just strange. Or beautiful. Or different. You didn’t need to have all of the answers. 

When they’d woken that morning and Danny had disappeared, Sam desperately wished she’d attempted that trek to his hut in the night. The yetis that’d been stationed outside the hut hadn’t seen anyone enter or exit. Invisibility to humans was an easy feat, but invisibility to other ghosts was something not every ghost could accomplish. Powerful ghosts like Danny, sure, but why would Danny want to disappear unseen? He would have woken up in the Far Frozen. With Allies. And not in a circumstance too reminiscent of any of his regular nightmares. He hadn’t woken up to hurt friends or strapped to a table or confined to a small space like a thermos.

Jazz had been similarly beside herself with worry and self doubt. It had taken Sam marching over and forcing a hug on her to stop her from pacing and crying and rambling about how it was all her fault. It wasn’t, but Jazz just wouldn’t listen to reason for once. Tucker had been quiet.

After days of searching the nearby infinite realms and coming up with nothing, Sam and Tucker had to return home to keep up appearances with their parents. They could only fake sleepovers for so long, even if it was spring break. Jazz, however, continued searching. She told them to comm her if her parents started asking around. If they did, she’d come back and gaslight them into thinking she’d been there the whole time and they’d just gotten mixed up again. Was it kind? Perhaps not. But Sam had seen how the Fentons neglected Danny and Jazz and she couldn’t help but think a little bit of gaslighting was only deserved in their case.

Sam had gotten better about masking her righteous fury around Danny’s parents at his behest. He’d told her it wouldn’t do to have his girlfriend glaring daggers at her parents over dinner on the rare occasion they could all sit down to a meal. And Danny didn’t hold things against his parents personally. Even if, in Sam’s opinion, he 1000% should. They’d been close friends before they’d started dating, but once they had, Sam had become privy to a lot more. Danny had confessed to his parents forgetting to keep the fridge stocked and forgetting to pay bills in their mad obsession towards life's mission of hunting ghosts. He’d vented when they agreed to come to the planetarium opening with him, only to forget. He’d been so incredibly excited; he and his mom spent his early childhood stargazing together. But she didn’t seem to care any more. Sam couldn’t comprehend that Danny hadn’t told them they’d forgotten. He’d just let it slip by in sadness. He said it was too much emotional energy to keep lecturing them when they missed stuff. They’d just keep doing it anyway.

School started back up. Sam and Tuck joined Jazz in their search in the ghost zone as often as they could. Jazz transferred as many of her college classes to online as she could, and dropped the rest. Even then, she skipped her online classes often in her search. And for someone who had ranted and raved about college since she was six, it was shocking. She was in her junior year and a straight A student, something she was madly proud about. She’d have to take another semester at this rate. Sam and Tucker were glad she was searching so diligently when they could not, but it wasn’t healthy. On more than one occasion, they’d tried to get her to go back to Harvard where she belonged. She wouldn’t. Her parents hadn’t even realized there was something odd about her still living at home after the end of spring break. Casper High had called asking about Danny’s absence. Jazz had made up some bullshit excuse about a home studies program they were doing, even though they’d never contacted the school about it previously. Sam was starting to worried Mr. Lancer was going to be calling CPS soon. He stared at Danny’s empty seat while lecturing more than he didn’t.

After several weeks of no Danny, it was time to come clean and tell his parents. Sam, Tuck, and Jazz sit gathered in the Fenton living room, building their nerves. They’d all talked through it again and again and at this point, police and CPS were going to be getting involved sooner than later. They couldn’t hide Danny’s disappearance. The best thing to do would be to tell Danny’s parents. And tell them everything. Sam takes comfort in the fact that at least if they react poorly to the news about their half ghost son, that he isn’t here to take the emotional (or hopefull not physical) brunt of it. If Danny doesn’t return for a while, it’ll give them time to come around to the idea.

Sam nods at Jazz and Tuck as they all share a look. Jazz takes a deep breath. Sam holds her hand in support.

“Hey Mom! Dad!” she yells to get their attention. They were, undoubtedly, down in the lab and with the door open as it always was; they’d be able to hear her.

“What sweetheart!?” Madeline Fenton yells back up, “Do you need something?”

Jazz sighs. Sam bristles. How can they not hear the worry in Jazz’s voice? How can they not know something’s wrong? How can they not have noticed their missing son for several weeks?? Sam takes her own deep breath, steadying herself. She can get angry later. For now, she had to remain cool. She had to give Danny’s parents the chance to react well, the way he would want her to. The way she doesn’t actually think they deserve. But it’s what Danny would want. Her heart clangs at the thought of Danny. She misses him so much.

“Yeah. Can you both come up here? It’s… kinda important!” Jazz yells in their direction. Her voice cracks at the end slightly. Light clanking stops and the Fenton duo emerge from the lab, safety goggles both still over their eyes. Sam wants to snort. Like safety has ever really been one of their priorities.

“Ya what’s up Jazzypants- oh hi Sam and Tuck. I thought you guys were with Danny?” Mr. Fenton lifts his goggles with an eyebrow raised. Seriously? Sam wants to retort but she holds her tongue. He’s just assumed Danny was with them? For multiple weeks? Without hearing a word from him? Sure Danny’s a legal adult now, but he was still a high school senior. He’d been held back when he was in grade school. Another thing that Sam had been enraged to learn. She’d always known Danny was a year older than them, but when she or Tuck asked about it, he’d always dodged the question. When they’d started dating, it had become another confession.

 Danny’s parents had let him fall behind in his studies when he was in second grade and he couldn’t read at nearly the same level as his peers. He was so smart- the smartest, in Sam’s opinion- but he couldn’t read well and the school had decided to pull him back. It turned out, Danny had dyslexia and just needed a little extra help. And with his parents, he’d not even been getting the bare minimum. Danny had never recovered from the feeling of being ‘dumber’ than his peers, even when he worked himself back up to absolute straight As. There’d even been talk of him skipping up a grade to where he was originally meant to be with his original class. But then the portal had happened and his grades had drastically slipped again. That had been hard to watch. Danny had worked so hard at school. It had been a devastating blow emotionally too. But ghosts wouldn’t fight themselves (or rather they would, but then would level a building in the process and Danny would rather prevent that fiasco).

Mrs. Fenton raises her goggles too, noticing Sam and Jazz’s held hand. Good. Sam thinks, She realizes this is serious.

“Hey Mom, Dad- so…. I have something to tell you, and I want you to promise not to be mad.” Mrs. Fenton looks down at their held hands with narrow eyes before softening her expression.

“Oh, is this about you being gay, sweetheart? We support you Jazz. I’m so sorry you felt scared to tell us!” Mr. Fenton startles in a cartoonish fashion, enthusiastic and with wide eyes, drawing the same incorrect conclusion.

“Jazz? Gay? We both love women. That’s great Jazzypants! I can tell you all I know about how I wooed your mom!” Mrs. Fenton chuckles as Jazz’s face turns bright red.

“No- I’m not. Well that’s good that you- But…. noooot relevant. Oookay. No that’s not what I wanted to tell you both,” Jazz shoves Sam’s hand away, tucking her hands into her armpits with her arms crossed.

“What is it Jazz, you can tell us anything!” Mr. Fenton bounds over to the loveseat perpendicular to their couch, both facing the coffee table. The chair squeaks under him, worn from years of abuse supporting him. Mrs. Fenton glides over and sits in the seat next to him.

Mrs. Fenton wears a wide smile on her face as well, but as a second ticks by, it wanes and her eyebrows furrow upwards a bit in worry. She gathers the somber nature of the trio.

“Do you promise not to be mad. At us for not telling. And at Danny for…. For everything?”

“What do you mean Jazzy? Why would we be mad?” Mr. Fenton laughs, but then frowns in worry, catching up to the general ambiance of the rest of the room a heartbeat behind his wife.

“Do you remember Danny’s freshman year when the portal started working out of nowhere?”
“Yes! Best luck we’ve ever had! We’d been trying to get that thing working for decades and were about to throw in the ole’ towel! So great that it finally decided to turn on!” Sam winces, glad Danny isn’t here to hear them refer to it as ‘the best luck they’d ever had’.

“Well, it wasn’t luck, per se. Danny did it. I mean…” Jazz sighs, gathering her nerves again… “Danny went inside the portal to take a picture in it. It was off. It’d never worked. They were just goofing off. It was dumb maybe but it should have been safe to-”

“I asked him to take a picture inside. For me. For my photography.” The eyes in the room shift to Sam, “And on his way back out, he tripped and unplugged a couple of cables, and the portal was still plugged in, and it triggered it turning on.”

The room was thick and Sam was suddenly far more aware of her tongue in her mouth than she had been three seconds ago.

“But why would we be mad at that? Why isn’t Danny here to tell us this? Why wouldn’t he have told us this years ago?” Mrs. Fenton seems to notice Danny’s absence with a bit more scrutiny.

“Danny’s been missing for weeks, Mrs. F. You haven’t noticed. He didn’t tell you because…” Tucker trails off, not sure about finally putting it out there in the open. Jazz doesn’t end his sentence for him either. Sam takes a breath.

“Danny never told you because it killed him. The portal his own parents built fried him to a crisp, he died, he came back, and he was terrified you’d be mad at him because he was a ghost.” Sam has no idea at one point she stood up but she realizes she must have at some point because her vantage point is looking down at Mrs. Fenton (and close to eye level with the massive Mr. Fenton, even seated as he is). Mrs. Fenton giggles slightly.

“Oh Sam, I think we would have noticed if Danny was a ghost,” she says, ignoring the statement about her son being missing for weeks. But Mr. Fenton is noticeably quiet. Sam can tell he knows they aren’t joking. And he’s thinking about it. Thinking about every time Danny ‘ran away’ at a ghost attack only for Phantom to appear. Every time Danny flinched at the dinner table as they gleefully went on and on about dissecting Phantom molecule by molecule. Things that they’d never paid attention to before, but in hindsight, lined up like the stars of a constellation. Those stars painted a grander picture in the sky, only visible from a certain perspective when one was pointed to just look up and see it.

“But… He’s our Danny. He can’t be dead. He can’t be a ghost.” Tears were welling in Mr. Fenton’s eyes now.

“Where’s Danny right now,” Mrs. Fenton presses, humor lost in her voice at the sight of her husband's burgeoning tears. A flash of emotions was scattering across her expressions like the roll of a handful of dice, flipping across her features before any one could settle and be read definitively. Anger, despair, confusion, denial, and love all in a dizzying display.

“We…. We don’t know mom. He’s just…. He’s just gone.”

“He… No, a ghost has possessed him and convinced you of all of this and now he has been kidnapped. He-” Mrs. Fenton would have gone on, but Jazz cuts her off by suddenly slamming to her feet.

“Mom. Listen! You never just listen! Danny isn’t possessed or overshadowed or whatever. He is dead. He died . And you didn’t even notice! Granted, it took me a few weeks to notice, but I did notice on my own, Mom. And you guys didn’t even notice when he went missing for weeks. You haven’t noticed that I’m supposed to be back at school but I’m here looking for him! You don’t notice anything! How can you…. How can you be so dense???!!!” Jazz is shaking now, in a way Sam has never seen. Jazz is the cool and collected one, always defending their parents and seeing the good in everyone. But this has been building for a long time, and it isn’t just about Danny being missing.

“I really tried to wait for you. I tried to wait for you to notice. To do better. Tried to fill in for you while I waited for you to come around. I cooked for us when you forgot. Got groceries when you couldn’t be bothered. And you didn’t even seem to notice me picking up the slack. But I was so sure you’d…. I was so sure you’d come around and thank me and then pick up. But it’s been years, Mom. And you…. You just never did. You just locked yourself in the lab or went out ghost hunting. Hunting Danny, Mom! He was too scared to tell you and I respected his secret- his privacy. I told him he could tell you, that he should when he felt ready. But you were never going to step up or pay attention were you? You were never going to start being there for us again like you were when I was little? What happened Mom??? You used to be the best parents I could ask for. And…. And Danny never got to see that. What happened Mom?” Jazz is crying now, tears streaming freely down her cheeks. So much for staying calm and collected through this.

But honestly? Sam is pretty sure this is what the Fentons actually need to snap them out of it. To see how much they’ve hurt their kids. Because besides literally shooting at Danny, they’d done a lot more to hurt their daughter and son.

“Jazz,” Mr. Fenton hesitates in a very un-Jack-like way. His eyes burn with hurt, but understanding. He reaches forward and touches his daughter’s arm. When she doesn’t pull away, he shoves himself forward and hugs her tight as she dissolves into a crying mess into his hazmat suit. Mrs. Fenton looks on in absolute complete shock. After agonizing moments of silence save for Jazz’s ugly sobs, Mrs. Fenton looks to Sam.

“Samantha, is this true? Has… Has Danny really been missing for weeks?” Ah now she is focusing on the matter at hand . Sam nods slowly.

“Are you ready to listen to everything that happened now?” Sam asks. Mrs. Fenton stands, making her way to Sam, and places her hands in her own. 

The Dr.s Fenton never really look at you. They meet your eyes, sure, but their brains behind the eyes are always on other tasks at hand. Focused on what they could be doing if they were elsewhere and weren’t tied up talking to you instead. But Mrs. Fenton looks Sam directly in her eyes with focus and presence Sam has never before seen from the woman.

“Yes, Sam. Please, tell me everything. From the beginning.”
Notes:

    This one is short, but I’m having a hard time finding time to write lately with life and dog training and work and wanted to get this piece out there. This story is quickly drawing to a close and a lot of pieces are coming into place soon. So here is your first taste of Team phantom again. They’ll be back. I also want to say that The Dr.s Fenton in my story are complex characters. They are negligent parents and that is not excusable. They cannot fix what they’ve done, but they are also remorseful and regret their actions deeply once they realize just how horrible they’ve been. As I continue to write them in my story, I want it to be clear that abuse victims aren’t obligated to forgive their abusers, even if they change or apologize. I won’t say more as to spoil anything, but I wanted that to be clear early on, especially to any readers whom this may be a sensitive topic for. You are never obligated to forgive those who’ve abused you. Enjoy this Chapter my Sweet Finches. I’ll write more for you as soon as I’m able <3

    As always, I live for your comments and will try to reply to all of them!

Chapter 22: What Makes You Happy?
Summary:

    Damian ponders what he is missing in life and how his dynamics with the other birds has changed since Danny's arrival. Dick invites him to join him and Danny at the museum the next day. Damian POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 22: What Makes you Happy?

 

~~

Damian

~~

 

Grayson and Danny are due to return from today’s therapy session at any time. In subsequent sessions since Danny’s first, they had discovered many of his nightmares were returned memories, but just as many if not more were true nightmares. Dick had relayed that M’gann had been concerned how hard it was for Danny to differentiate between the two. His nightmares were so vivid and detailed that it was hard to believe that they hadn’t actually happened. Still, through whatever powers M’gann possessed, she was able to certainly and distinctly differentiate memory from nightmare in Danny’s mind. Damian doesn’t know all the details. Dick only shares with the rest of them when it's pertinent information to the case. And when Danny himself okays Dick to share what they’ve learned or saw. Something about Danny’s privacy. Damian would argue that all of it is pertinent to discovering Danny’s past, but he has since learned not to push the issue too ardently. After all, he was forced to attend a therapy session or two when he first arrived in the manor, and there are things he would prefer remain private as well. Weaknesses were not something he wanted to share with his family (even if that is what the therapist had said family is for, at the time). Not Damian’s family. Damian’s family was for crime fighting and detective work.

Recently, Damian has begun referring to his nephew as ‘Danny’. ‘Small Grayson’ is simply too much of a mouthful, and besides, it makes the child happy. The first time Damian had actually referred to his nephew as Danny, his nephew had grinned so widely it made it worth the silly informality. Drake and Todd had been absolutely aghast, trying to get him to refer to them as Tim and Jason ever since. Damian smirks. Sometimes it is just fun to mess with his brothers. Drake and Todd they will always be.

Damian is not sure at what point he started to think of them as such: his brothers. In the whole year and someodd months he’s been living at the manor, he has never thought of them that way, even though they are referred to as such. He views Bruce as his father, but that is because he is. They share blood. That, Damian can understand and respect. Adopted family? Family by choice? That is not a concept where Damian was from and it had felt wrong. When he first joined the batfold, thinking of his new family as brothers had felt like a betrayal to Ra’s and Talia. Even to Bruce. If he were to add the birds to his mental scope of ‘family’, would it not edge the others out? Damian wasn’t ready for that severance, even if Ra’s and Talia would never be in his life again. And he didn’t want them to be. Still, blood was thicker than water. But in these last months since Danny had come into their lives, something has shifted in Damian. It is perhaps a bit scary, but it has been… nice.

Damian works on a mission report at the computer in the batcave, deep in thought. He’s been in such a reflective mood lately and he’s sure Grayson has noticed. Grayson barbs at his expense less, and seems to look at him with a softer expression as well. Can that be because of Danny as well? Perhaps it is in gratitude towards Damian’s efforts to train Titus as a service dog for Danny?

Which, Damian thinks with pride, has been going extremely well. Titus has proven to be very smart, mastering basic obedience with ease and flying through some more complicated things as well like retrieval. Damian can’t help but glow with pride a bit thinking about it. He has such little expertise when it comes to animals, but with some research and working through some videos, he has been able to make great progress with the dog- a dog who didn’t necessarily come from good breeding or ideal circumstances. Damian gets the sense that this is not so easy for most people and takes pride in his accomplishments. Damian always prides himself in his excellence. It is the feeling he gets from mastering a new martial art or weapon.

But inexplicably, training Titus is different. Every martial art or weapon mastery he gains all goes towards his life’s newest and strongest ambition: being the next Batman. But dog training doesn’t fall under anything that would aid his endeavors as a vigilante. At least not the type of dog training he’s been doing. Still, it gives Damian purpose. When he told Grayson of his plans to train Titus, he admitted that he would be decreasing his patrols for a time. It had been a necessary concession to what needed to happen to accomplish Titus’ training. Damian had expected it to feel like a necessary evil. But now, Damian finds himself failing to notice the decreased patrols. Titus’ training has filled that hole. He’s gone from patrolling almost immediately after school lets out until late into the night every night, to a few times a week. He had been afraid that his father would admonish him for his laziness as a vigilante, but instead it seemed that Bruce was… proud of him? Last night when Bruce left to patrol and Damian opted to stay home and train Titus, he had given him such a small warm smile. Damian didn’t entirely understand it, but he was glad to not be punished for his decisions. Punished like he would have been in the League for being soft.

Damian finishes typing the last of his report, saving it and leaning back in the large swiveling wingback chair. As he turns around, he is met by Grayson who looks down at him quizzically as if to say ‘did you not notice me arrive? You’re usually more perceptive than that”. Damian rolls his eyes, sending the unspoken “of course I noticed you, I was just focused and decided not to peel myself from my work” in response. They have been having more of these lately too: unspoken conversations. Understandings that just seemed to tether between the two of them with ease. Is this because Damian views Dick as a brother now? But he hasn’t been having them with Drake or Todd. Perhaps they are simply closer? Family is strange. Having siblings is strange.

“How did his session go?” Damian checks around the backs of Dick’s legs but Danny isn’t in sight. He must be napping, as he often does after therapy. The sessions seem to tire the child.

“It went well. We went through a couple of nightmares that were memories and a few that weren’t. Any progress on those GIW fuckers?”

Ah yes, and there was that change as well. Richard Grayson, the most adamant enforcer of the ‘swear jar’ had begun cursing himself. Damian holds out a hand wordlessly. Dick sighs, rolling his eyes and forking over a dollar bill. Damian folds it into his pocket. He can be trusted that he will actually deposit it into said jar when he has the chance. Damian has noticed that Dick only seems to swear when the topic surrounds the GIW and those that harm Danny. Damian wonders if he would do the same for Damian with the topic of Ra’s. Or does he only swear in Danny’s defense?

“Not yet,” Damian concedes after pocketing the dollar, “Drake has gone through the files he was able to attain before they began to delete their records over and over but most of the information is not specifically related to Danny. I myself have gone over them multiple times as well and am in agreement. Father too. I know Father has been trying to find and follow leads during patrol. We seem to be at a standstill in this department, though you know Batman. He will eventually find his lead. We will find them,” Damian says with confidence. Batman and Robin can do anything, after all. Damian knows this not to be the literal truth, but it is how he personally feels on the matter. They make an indestructible team. 

“Thank you Dames,” Dick says, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck and blinking, clearly unhappy with the answer and exhausted.

“Dick, what makes you happy?”

“What?” Dick’s attention zones in on Damian, no longer as exhausted. Oh, Damian just referred to him by his nickname. When did he start doing that? He’s clearly started Dick- Grayson? Hmm. Interesting development. Damian decides it is okay. He can call Grayson Dick. Everyone else does, so why is it so hard for him to let go? To be more casual? He is certain that the others would have a field day of teasing. He tries to brush over it.

“Well, besides your work as Nightwing, training, and your day job. Do you… have hobbies?” It is perhaps a bit embarrassing that Damian doesn’t know. He’s known Dick for over a year and sees him pretty regularly. Certainly much more now that he’s moved back to the manor and to Gotham. But even before his return, he came over relatively regularly for family dinners. Damian fights a blush, desperately hoping that Dick doesn’t make fun of him for finally using his nickname. Ugh why is it so hard for him to be so casual? Damian knows. It’s because of his strict upbringing. From the beatings and the ruthless training and the standards of perfection. But he hasn’t been with the league for a year. His brothers are excessively casual, much of the time. Why can’t he? He fidgets a bit in place, willing Dick with a glare in his eyes to not tease him. Blessedly, Dick does not point his flustered body language out, or perhaps he does not notice. He isn’t quite as annoyingly observant as Drake. Regardless of the reason, Damian is grateful. He lets the name change slide and just answers his question, much to Damian’s relief. Mercy from his eldest brother.

“Well I obviously love acrobatics because I grew up in Haly’s, but I also like to swim and bike when I can find the time. Not that I’ve had the time for either lately. Though I suppose those are all pretty physical, they’re still different from training for patrols specifically. Why?”

“I don’t… I don’t have things that I like to do besides train. I have rather been enjoying training Titus. I am wondering if I have been missing out on… hobbies,” Damian says evenly and flatly. Ugh this is so embarrassing he should not have brought it up at all. Damian can understand Danny’s frequent shirt-turtling antics now. If only he could duck his head beneath his own shirt. But he is Robin and he fears nothing and no one.

“I’m not quite sure training Titus counts as a hobby Dames, you’ve kinda taken it on as a full time job, but I am glad that you’re enjoying it. If you want a hobby we can find you something. Perhaps something less physical though since you already train so much? Something different,” Grayson postulates. Damian sighs, grateful that Grayson isn’t mocking or teasing as he knows Drake or Todd would have been. And ugh Brown would have been absolutely insufferable. Damian mentally thanks his eldest brother for having at least some tact.

“Well, I enjoy Titus. Perhaps another animal?”

“Maybe you could start with volunteering at a shelter. Pets are pretty long term commitments. They’re not really hobbies.”

“I know that,” Damian says, annoyed. Does Grayson think he doesn’t know this? He’s been doing so much research on puppy rearing, he knows the commitment an animal is. He isn’t an idiot.

“Well I’m planning on taking Danny to the museum tomorrow. If you’d like, you’re welcome to join us and maybe something will spark your fancy? Give you a little inspiration.”

Damian isn’t sure how a museum can ignite the passion for a hobby, but it’s worth a try.
Notes:

    Guys. I’m so SO sorry for leaving you hanging. A03 curse has stricken and I WILL finish this fic, no worries but it may take me longer and with less regular updates to do so. Life has been intense, my adhd has been killer, and work and service dog training are both full time gigs. There are not enough hours in the day, man! This is a short update as I find it's easier to break up my writing into smaller chunks to be able to get it out to you. I have most of the next chapter written already as well and just need to do some more polishing.

Chapter 23: Museum
Summary:

    Some of the batfam joins Danny on an outing to the Museum. Danny plays with his ice powers again. Dick and Bruce have a serious conversation. Danny and Damian POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 23: Museum

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny shuffles through the museum with his papa, grandpa Bruce, and Damian. It’s barely midmorning and already his legs and joints are bone tired, though he isn’t sure why. The museum is cold, freezing even, and Danny shivers a bit. He isn’t sure why- he is already wearing a hoodie and long pants.

He sneezes and his papa tells him ‘bleshyou’. He isn’t sure what ‘bleshyou’ means, but when he sneezes a few seconds later, his papa repeats it.

“Papa, who’s Blesh?”

“What?”

“Who’s Blesh? You keep saying ‘Blesh you’. Who’s Blesh and why do you keep saying that?” Danny frowns deeply, unamused, as his papa giggles at him. He looks to his grandpa for saving, but he has his own amused smile on his face. Was no one going to explain it to him??

“I said ‘bless you’, Danny. It’s something you say when people sneeze.”

“Hmm. It’s something you say. Others of us do not believe a sneeze is indicative of one’s soul trying to escape their body,” Damian huffs. Oh no, is Danny’s soul trying to escape? He sneezes again, and when his eyes fly open, he stares cross eyed at the air in front of him. A blue mist snakes out with his breath. Oh no! His soul is trying to escape! Wait, was that his ghost sense? Danny looks side to side, but can’t see any ghosts. Well, besides himself, but his ghost sense has never activated for himself, he thinks. Papa and Grandpa seem to have noticed it and look a mixture of startled and concerned. Grandpa Bruce’s eyes narrow.

“Are you feeling alright little wing?” Papa asks. In reality? Danny’s legs and lower back ache in particular and a pressure is building up behind his nose and eyes like a cold. It feels like a frog is plopping along up and down his throat, croaking painfully against his windpipe now and again. But Danny lies.

“Yes. I’m fine.” Papa side glances grandpa Bruce, but accepts the obvious lie.

“Okay but please tell me if you feel worse, okay Turtledove?” Danny pets the top of Penguin’s head, which sticks out from his backpack which he has worn backwards on his chest again. He nods sheepishly and grumpily. He didn’t get a lot of sleep last night and it's so cold . Danny is faintly sure he isn’t used to feeling the sensation of being cold anymore. Not for a long time, anyway.

Their little group makes their way past abstract art displays and various sculptures in a wing of the museum. Papa has to remind Danny multiple times not to touch the exhibits, only fueling his grumpiness. His hands are clean and he is gentle. He doesn’t understand why he cannot touch.

“These pieces all hold significance to their artists, Danny. There’s a story behind each and every one, meaning and beauty in each of them. If we destroy it, it would make the artist very sad,” Grandpa Bruce explains calmly. His aura is a soft subdued purple, a pleasant color but Danny can’t really enjoy it right now. He just wanted to pet the giraffe statue. He doesn’t understand how that would hurt it or make the artist sad. Damian scoffs from beside him.

“I am sure a banana duct taped to a wall holds no sentimental significance to the artist, Father,” He says, indicating that very thing off to their right. An absurd art display if Damian’s ever seen one , his voice seems to intone.

“I’m sure that’s not actually meant to be here. I don’t think that’s an exhibit,” his father corrects. But Damian simply raises an eyebrow, pointing his head to the plaque beside it labeling it with a small blurb about the art piece’s history.

“Hn. You’re right, Damian.” Grandpa Bruce and Papa both look at the banana, turning their heads sideways slightly as if expecting a lightshow to emerge from the small yellow, slightly bruising fruit. Danny leans forward in his crutches, half tempted to deadweight (ha) onto the floor in a bored puddle with a little exasperated groan. This is so boringggg.

“Danny, really. We’ve only just arrived. You can’t already be bored,” Damian scolds.

“I can if I wanna,” Danny huffs, puffing air out of his small chubby cheeks with a deep set frown. 

“Why would you wish to be bored?”

“What?”

“Well you say you will be bored if you ‘wanna’. Why would you want to?”

“UGH,” Danny lets out a loud dramatic sigh, failing to answer Damian’s question. His head falls forward to rest on top of Penguin, who he wears in his little backpack backwards on his chest. Danny’s chin dips a little too deeply into the top of the stuffed animal, phasing through slightly. Oops. Titus is sniffing madly in his direction and Damian scrutinizes him with narrowed eyes. Nope. Nothing to see here!

Danny immediately perks up, looking down at Penguin with wide eyes. He raises a hand to his chin, touching it solidly and sighing. Hmm. Danny isn't certain if that happened or if he imagined it. He is rather bone tired and feels weird, but he doesn’t feel like he usually does before an intangibility episode. It’s relatively early in the morning. He usually doesn’t have episodes until he has been exerting himself physically more throughout the day. The frog leaps up and down in his throat again and his sneezes are stuck in his trachea uncomfortably.

The party moves onto another section of the museum, making their way towards paintings, Damian watching Danny like a hawk. But he doesn’t dip into intangibility again. Phew. Danny doesn’t want to get in trouble. His family has never been angry with him for using them- per se- but his instincts tell him he can’t use them around them or they’ll get angry. Still, maybe he can work to shake the worry deep seeded in his core around the issue. It would be so much easier to use his powers around his family and feel comfortable. Dannt can trust them, right? 

They make their way past the abstract and sculpture sections to a historical paintings section. The paintings are all old and in similar styles with people in silly clothes. Damian has moved from bored and annoyed to intrigued and strays from Danny, his papa, and his grandpa, arms crossed behind his back staring up at the paintings and reading their plaques with interest. Titus heels beside him. Grandpa Bruce similarly enjoys the paintings, quietly and with reverence. Papa peruses them, but mostly is paying attention to Danny now. It seems he has picked up on the fact that Danny’s irritation isn’t going away and that it isn’t just because he’s bored. Danny sneezes finally ! That frog finally croaking its way out of his throat. With his sneeze comes a little puff of blue mist. What? His ghost sense? Danny looks side to side but there are no ghosts (well, besides technically him). He sneezes again a few seconds later to a similar blue mist. Papa watches him the whole time. On his third or fourth sneeze, Damian and Bruce are roused from their activities and come back to him.

Papa kneels beside Danny with a kleenex and asks him to blow. A pressure is building up behind his sinuses and eyes. Danny blows obediently. No snot comes and the pressure continues to build. The room has dropped in temperature. Danny is shaking now, teeth chattering and limbs trembling. It’s freezing in here! Can’t they feel it? But his family doesn’t seem to notice how cold it is. Is it just Danny? He sneezes again, and this time he feels something cold dusting his cheeks and the tip of his nose. He tries to see crosseyed, but he cannot see his own face. Papa touches his cheeks with a quizzical expression, brushing away… snow? There is snow on Danny’s face? Hmm. He supposes those are his ice powers. But when he’d tried to use them for Dr. Leslie, they’d hurt. Now, upon using them a little, that pressure behind his sinuses has lessened. Danny sighs in relief.

“Did that help, Danny?” His papa asks. He nods. The three of his family members seem to ponder that for a bit. 

“Do you think you could do it on purpose?”

“But Dr. Leslie said-“

“I know what she said, but she said not to use them because they were hurting you. But if not using them is hurting you now, it might be best to listen to what your core is trying to tell you. We can have her check up on you later to make sure but we might as well try it to get you some relief. Yeah?” That seems to make sense to Danny. Grandpa Bruce and his Papa share a look and Grandpa steps aside, pulling out his phone. Maybe to make a call?

Danny looks down at his hands, at his fingers and nails tipped with inky black. Tiny swirls of frost edge them now, standing out against the stark darkness. The patterns are intricate. So pretty. Hmm. Danny wants to make something pretty with his ice. 

Cupping his hands as if to hold water in them, he closes his eyes and tugs on his core. It feels like releasing a locked valve, and a small crystalline ice sculpture forms in his palms. Danny opens his eyes and beams. It’s a pegasus! Like the constellation!

“Is that a bee? A Buffalo?” Damian asks, nose crinkled and head tilted down at his creation. Danny frowns. Sure his pegasus is a little… chunky… and the legs are a little short… and the wings are a little flimsy. But hey! He had his eyes closed! In hindsight, Danny isn’t so sure why he did that. 

“It’s a pegasus!” He whines at Damian with a pout. 

“Tch. It is too fat. Try imagining the curvature of the waist here and here to be thinner. More streamline. And elongating the legs may help you as well,” Damian points out with an outstretched finger, gesturing to different parts of the sculpture. 

Danny turns back to his pegasus, balancing it in one palm before taking his other hand and pointing it at the figure, sticking his tongue out and tugging at his core again to play with the ice. He wills a bit of the midsection to melt away and grows the ice at the base of the legs. Ooh Uncle Dames was right!!! That does help! Danny beams brightly at his uncle who smiles as well with a smug expression, proud to have been able to teach his nephew. 

“Now if you alter the angle of the back legs a bit better it will look like the Pegasus is ready to take flight. And it will be more anatomically accurate as well.”

“Like this?” Danny says, sticking his tongue out and furrowing his brows in concentration once more. He looks up at uncle Dames who nods approvingly and beams with a small toothy grin. His uncle Dames is proud of him! His core radiates with a warm fuzzy feeling, helping to further dissipate the chill in his bones. The room's temperature travels back upwards. 

“Wow Dames, you really have an eye for art,” Papa points out. Danny can feel Damian’s aura. It sparkles with glittering glass, polished and shining. He’s enjoying the praise immensely. But outwardly, he frowns and looks away and to the floor to hide his blush.

Together, with Danny’s powers and Damian’s guidance and advice, they craft two more figurines: Penguin the poodle and a little giraffe which, even with Damian’s help, ends up looking a bit lopsided. By this point, Danny’s cheeks have regained a healthy pink hue and his core is much relaxed. His throat feels normal again.

“No frogs!” Danny exclaims, thankful for the frog hopping around in his throat to be gone. Grandpa Bruce, having returned, looks at him quizzically with a raised eyebrow.

“Correct Danny. None of those are frogs.” Damian praises in a very flat tone. It isn’t what Danny meant, but at least Damian is happy with his declaration. To his shock, Damian ruffles his hair on his head. He beams up at his uncle, who looks away blushing once more. Papa mirrors the motion, ruffling the hair on Damian’s own head. Damian looks personally offended at this, moving to fix his own hair back in place. Oh is Danny’s hair messed up now too? Danny watches his Uncle pat at his hair and copies, reaching up a hand and ducking his head down to rub his fingers through his hair. A soft subdued chuckle emanates from Grandpa Bruce, and when Danny looks up, he has a phone pointed at them, taking pictures? A video? Papa laughs delightedly at the pair of the younger boys. Then, Grandpa Bruce clicks off his phone and ruffles Papa’s hair. All of their auras read with jolly amusement and a smile splits Danny’s cheeks, stinging the muscles in his face with the strength of his merriment. He giggles madly, reaching up on tippy toes to try and ruffle Damian’s hair. When he can’t get anywhere near it, he toddles over to Titus and pats his head. When Titus sits, Damian treats him. Titus has really good manners.

Alfred comes to pick them up another long while later after they’ve thoroughly explored the museum. Damian was gushing something about the history of some artwork he read while Danny grows sleepy in his carseat. Grandpa Bruce sits in front and Papa and Damian sit in back on either side of his carseat. Titus remains in the backmost section of the car. It’s only midday, but Danny’s eyes droop heavily and he fights sleep. He has been taking so many naps in the time since he’s been in Gotham. Was that because he’d been de aged? They’d talked in therapy a bit about how he was supposed to be older, but Danny didn’t really understand that. He knows he has memories from being older, but weren’t those from the future? Was he seeing the future? But… if they hadn’t happened yet, they couldn’t be memories right? Regardless, M’gann and Papa were helping him work through them and little bit by little tiny bit, they were becoming less scary. He still has nightmares, but they don’t seem as bad. Some nights are worse than others though.

Damian, Papa, Grandpa Bruce, and Alfie all have some sort of conversation, but it floats over his head. Their auras are content and happy and Danny just enjoys the low rumble of the car and the presence of his family. His head lolls to the side but he snaps it back into place, still fighting sleep. And besides, it is uncomfortable to sleep sitting up like he would have to in his chair. Fortunately, Danny is a halfa and no car seat can contain him.

Danny lets glowing white rings circle his middle and spread up and down, leaving his Uilnow form in their wake. Slipping beneath the straps of his still buckled car seat, he pads over to the nearest lap to his left, righting himself when the bump of the car almost sends him careening onto the car’s floor. He sleepily spins in several small circles before plopping down on the lap, stretching out his front paws, and curling his large fluffy tail around himself. The adults in the car have gone quite silent.

What? What did he do? Danny peeks an eye open blearily, looking at his papa and Bruce who watch him from the front seat and the other side of his car seat. They seem surprised? But their auras aren’t mad. Actually, the three older family members seem a little bit in awe? Fondness? The red and white swirls that mean family to his papa dance across his aura. Damian’s aura is more confusing. Danny looks up at Damian from his lap, taking all his energy to lift his tiny head. His fox ears feel so heavy on his sleepy little frame. He blinks his green flowing orbs up at his Uncle, who stares down at him in awed surprise. Whatever. Danny decided this was a good place for a nap. And it is. Unless his uncle wants to kick him out, he’s staying.

Danny shifts, gently fluffing up his wings to keep him a little extra toasty. Damian hesitantly places a hand to the top of his head. He parts his ears to make room, allowing his uncle to gently stroke his head and down his back. His core purrs in response, a melodious twinkling and rumbling noise. Danny distantly hears the conversation playing overhead as he slowly drifts in and out.

 

~~

Damian

~~

 

“Damian, smile!” Dick has pulled out his phone and is taking pictures. Damian’s cheeks are beet red, but he doesn’t dare make any move to push Danny off of his lap. His nephew is so comfortable and feels safe with Damian and he can’t betray that! Damian looks at Dick with pressed lips and wide embarrassed eyes. This is mortifying. Father has also pulled out his phone and takes pictures of his own from another angle. 

“Dick, I’ll have to send you these, they’re at a better angle.”

“Oh thank you Bruce! This is the best blackmail material ever.”

“Do not dare to think-” Damian starts, but then thinks better and lowers his volume as he continues, hoping not to disturb Danny, “Do not dare think you could ever blackmail me, Grayson.”

“Awe, no… What happened to calling me Dick???”

“He called you Dick?” Bruce asks, tone more serious and questioning. Pleasant surprise and fondness ring from his facial expression.

“Yeah, last night! Damian, I thought we were past this formal surname stuff finally!”

“I will not refer to my blackmailer by their first name,” Damian huffs softly, stroking behind Danny’s ear- the one with the lichtenberg scar. It twitches, but Danny doesn’t move to leave. The five of them settle into a semblance of relaxed silence until Damian notices what Danny is doing. His hands fly off of his head and back where he’s been petting him, unsure of what to do.

“What?” Dick asks, distressed at his youngest brother’s sudden alarm. He peers around the carseat, setting down the phone he’d been scrolling on. In Damian’s lap, Danny has moved past drifting to sleep to fully asleep…. And he’s taken a small section of Damian’s shirt in his little mouth and is sucking on it while he kneads into Damian’s thighs. Every few seconds, his wings and tail puff and twitch slightly, as if he is flying in his sleep. What does Damian do?? Is Danny… trying to nurse? Damian is NOT a source of sustenance and isn’t Danny too old for that anyway???

Dick senses his bafflement and chuckles, clearly amused with the situation.

“If I may, Master Damian,” Alfred pipes up from the front, glancing back in the rearview mirror at his second youngest charge. The crinkles around his eyes reveal that he too, is finding amusement in the predicament, most certainly in Damian’s embarrassment in particular. He continues: “Some animals suckle when they are simply looking to relax. It is not directly indicative of feeding behaviors. I know for many dogs, it is an action of security. It may simply mean that Danny feels safe with you and is relaxed.”

“Oh,” Damian hadn’t read that in any of his dog training books or research, but it wasn’t a behavior that was necessarily training adjacent, and Titus hadn’t exhibited the behavior himself, “... Thank you Pennyworth. That is helpful.”

“Gasp!” And Dick literally says ‘gasp’, like a buffoon who doesn’t know how to read direction lines in a play manuscript, “Damian was that an unfiltered genuine thank you??? I never thought I’d see the day. Wow they really grow up so fast don’t they!” Dick has a hand on his heart and is wiping a fake tear from his eyelashes. Father just smiles warmly at his sons and grandson in the back seat.

“Shut up, Dick.”

“Yay! Back to first names!” Dick claps. Damian scowls, mainly to hide the smile that he feels coming on. He doesn’t want to encourage this type of behavior from Dick. He doesn’t say anything further. He doesn’t want to wake his nephew. Hesitantly, he goes back to stroking Danny behind the ears and down his tiny back. His purring increases in volume and Damian allows himself to take pride in this. He’s been able to help Danny accomplish such a sense of security and safety, while sleeping, for which he regularly has nightmares. It is no small feat and Damian cannot help but smile down at his nephew, proud of himself for being able to provide a safe space for him.

By the time they’ve arrived at the manor, Damian has fallen asleep too. And Bruce and Dick have most definitely made sure to take pictures.

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny wakes up with the sense of being carried. Damian? He wants to open his eyes but his eyelashes just feel too heavy. Danny shifts in the arms of whoever is carrying him, realizing that he is still an Uilnow. He stretches his wings, letting them flutter back down across his body like a little personal blanket. He sends his core out, but instead of Damian, it’s Papa’s aura that greets him. Danny purrs sleepily at the feel of his Papa, resigning himself to go back to comfortable sleep. But then he’s gently placed on something soft, away from the embrace of his papa. Hmm, annoying. He was comfortable. But Danny supposes this is plenty comfortable too.

Papa nudges him in the shoulder. Hmm. Danny will ignore it. Go away, I’m trying to nap here! But Papa doesn’t relent.

“Hey Turtledove? You’ve been asleep for a couple of hours. Dr. Leslie is here for you,” Papa nudges him again. Oh there’s a bit of worry in his voice. Danny doesn’t want Papa to feel worried. He’ll protect Papa from the worry. This is enough to rouse Danny, who finally opens his eyes and stands, stretching sleepily before letting white rings wash over him once more. He rubs at his eyes with a closed fist and looks around the room. Papa, Tim, Dr, Leslie, and Grandpa are here.

“Ohhi’im,” Danny mumbles sleepily. But they seem to understand what he means because Tim smiles.

“Hey Danny,” Tim greets, “You’ve been a sleepy little bird. You’ve got your dad worried about you.” Danny frowns. No Papa, don’t worry. I’m right here! I was only napping!

“Hello Danny, can I take a picture of your core again? Your papa told me about your ice powers from this morning. I want to make sure nothing’s changed, or that nothing’s changed for the worse.” Danny nods, sitting up straight and still, allowing Dr. Leslie to move the x-ray device over his chest. When she’s finished, he crawls to the side of the couch- that’s the soft thing they’d set him on- and rests his head against the arm rest, curling into a little ball of a boy on his side. The effort to stay awake is immense, like a turtle trudging through quicksand.

Grandpa Bruce sits on the couch beside him, petting the top of his head and carding his fingers through Danny’s hair, which has gotten quite long and sits at his shoulders. The sensation is so soothing and it just makes Danny want to go to sleep even more. Danny turns himself around and plops his head in Grandpa Bruce’s lap instead, leaning into his fingers where they brush across his head. His core purrs.

“What… What is that?” Danny hears Papa asked in a hushed tone. His aura is anxious and uncertain, mottled with a harsh pink and a deep green and the texture of small spiky nodes. The sensation itches and Danny opens his eyes and is more alert now, even though he is still tired. Does his papa need protection from his anxiety? But what is Danny supposed to do? How can he help? His whole body aches with tiredness. But at least he isn’t freezing anymore.

“I’m not sure… It looks a lot like a cell undergoing mitosis, but the second cell looks to be quite a bit smaller. Or it could be compared to cancerous growth, but we really don’t have a standard of what’s normal for cores.” The auras of everyone in the room sink considerably. They’re all somber and scared, but each person’s auras feels distinct in the way that each person accepts their feelings differently. This is a little overwhelming to Danny, who scrunches his nose up. It’s like wading through a perfume store and every single scent is being sprayed in your face at once. Danny coughs lightly, trying to expel the smells but they’re not coming in through his nose, but his core. So the smells remain. Grandpa Bruce pats his back in a small circle.

“This might be a natural stage of development for Danny. I cannot be certain. But you said that his ice powers didn’t hurt him when he used them this morning like they did at my visit a while back?”

“No, he said that he felt better after he used them, though he has been really wiped since, but I think he’s just sleepy.”

“Mmm sleepy,” Danny mutters in acquiescence from Grandpa Bruce’s lap.

“Well I’ll want to take the rest of his vitals to make sure he’s okay, but it seems like with this shift in his core, using his powers was what was needed to keep them from overflowing based on what you told me. This is a bit beyond my scope. Honestly, you might have better luck understanding his abilities with some of the other supers who have a more intimate experience. Perhaps Superman may provide some insight. I’m not sure if he’s ever had trouble controlling his powers, but it could be worth the ask. My only hypothesis to add is that it seems like previously, Danny’s core was very focused on healing that bruise or tear that we saw before. If his core is where his powers come from, it’s possible he needed to conserve his energy to repair it. But now, perhaps his core has moved beyond healing itself to building stronger than it was to begin with, and he needs to develop his powers further to support the change. Like needing stronger surrounding muscles to support a growing structure.”

“So we should encourage Danny to use his powers now?” Tim pipes up.

“Hmm. Like I said; I would ask a super who has more adjacent experience to what Danny is undergoing, but it seems that would be the case- yes. You said he’s also been transforming into that little fox more often? And it hasn’t been causing him strife?”

“Uilnow, and yes,” Tim corrects and agrees.

“I still stress that you consult another super, or perhaps a meta, but I would say yes. Using his powers might be what will help him at this stage in development,” Dr. Leslie looks over to Danny and makes eye contact, smiling softly at how drowsy he is and how he curls into his grandpa’s lap, “Though, you might want to make sure he paces himself if he’s always going to be this sleepy afterwards. And if you had physical therapy scheduled today with Iris, you may want to postpone so he can rest up.”

“Thank you Dr. Thompkins. I had physical therapy scheduled for him for…” Danny watches as his papa flips his phone out, having to check his calendar, “tomorrow evening. Do you think he should be alright to do it then? Or should I cancel that too? But the day after that I have an evening shift at work. And I’ve been meaning to look into school interviews for Danny… But I have to find one that can accommodate him well… but with his unpredictable powers…” Papa speaks a little rushed all at once and Danny gets the feeling he’s talking more to himself than to Dr. Leslie. He runs a hand through his own hair while he looks down at his phone, his eyebrows slightly creased together.

“No No,Dick. Tomorrow should be fine as long as Danny’s feeling more energetic by then. Kids are resilient little things. I won’t be surprised if he’s up and motoring in another hour or two even. You might want to get a little more sleep yourself, kiddo. You’re looking run ragged,” Dr. Leslie puts a hand on Papa’s shoulder and he sighs.

“If Tim can operate on four hours a night, so can I. There’s not enough hours in the day, unfortunately.”

“I don’t have the wellbeing of a six year old on my shoulders though. No thank you,” Tim says with a shrug. Papa glares at him.

“Chum, you can ask for help a bit more. You’ve got all of us to-”

“I don’t need your charity, okay Bruce? I-” Papa takes a deep sigh, calming himself down and continuing with a lowered voice. He’d been close to shouting, “Thanks B. I appreciate it. I just… It’s a lot on top of work and work and I’m just one guy. And I certainly wasn’t expecting to have a kid right now in my life. Danny’s worth it. I love Danny… you’re right I do need help. But it just brings up old feelings. Old arguments, you know? And I’m already back living here, which has been great and I’m thankful… But I’m 26 and moved back in with my Dad and it just feels… It’s tough. I have to remind myself I’m not a failure and I’m just so tired all the time.”

“Dick,” Grandpa Bruce starts, but hesitates, as if not sure how to continue. During this conversation, at some point Tim and Dr. Leslie have taken their leave. Danny stays curled up on Bruce’s lap. He’s pretty sure the two of them think he’s asleep moreso than he is.

“Dick,” He starts again after a pause, “I can’t say I understand how you feel about moving back in. But I can say that you’re not a failure. I can’t- I don’t. I am happy that you’re here. I’ve been really enjoying having you back in Gotham. Back home with me. And I know it isn’t what you want permanently, but it isn’t permanent. You’re welcome to stay with me as long as you need or like, but you can leave at any time. You’re not shackled here. I know you have your own life, and I respect that, but it doesn’t mean you can’t ask for help too once in a while. Especially now. Did I not ask you for quite a bit of help when Damian stumbled into our lives last year? I was lost too. Granted, I’d taken in kids before, but Damian was… more difficult to adjust as you remember. He’s still adjusting. And Duke and Cass coming after so soon? It was a lot. But I wouldn’t trade in a single second of any of it. You’re all my kids, officially adopted or not. And my life is richer with all of you in it. I know you feel the same way about Danny. Being frustrated or overwhelmed doesn’t mean you don’t love him or regret taking him in. I understand, chum. You just need a breather now and then.”

Papa sits on the couch next to Grandpa on the other side with a sigh. He leans his head onto Grandpa Bruce’s shoulder. Grandpa accepts him with a warm feeling in his aura, putting a hand around Papa’s shoulder and giving him a small side hug. They both look forward to the carpet on the floor.

“Thanks B….No, thanks Dad.” Grandpa Bruce’s aura sparkles like light bouncing off a clear blue babbling brook, twinkling brilliantly with each ripple of water in a beautiful mist with a rainbow reflecting. The sound of birds rings with the imagery. Danny’s core delights in the sensation. He’s so happy.

“You’re welcome, Dick.”

They sit peacefully for a few minutes, Danny more fully nodding off just before Tim comes back in.

“B- I was finally able to get a hold of Constantine. You’re gonna wanna hear this.”
Notes:

    To make up for my missingness- a nice long chapter! With some feel-good Bruce and Dick moments. I have a really fun idea for another DP x DC fic that I think I’m going to tackle soon, but I’ve promised myself that I’m absolutely going to finish this one first. I know the second I start writing the other, I won’t be able to do anything else and I don’t want to leave this story unfinished, especially because I already know how it will end and I’m excited to share it with you! As always, Love to you my Sweet Finches!

Chapter 24: Constantine Has Answers (Well, Some)
Summary:

    Tim and Dick have a call with Constantine and learn more about Danny. Dick POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 24: Constantine Has Answers (Well, Some)

 

~~

Dick

~~

 

Dick stands suddenly at Tim’s words, following him to take the phone call. They leave Bruce with Danny. If B truly wants to help Dick, he’ll watch Danny for a bit while Dick takes this call. To his somewhat surprise, Bruce actually does stay behind with Danny, giving him the space to take the lead on this. Dick appreciates the gesture- he knows Bruce is probably dying inside to know every single detail of what is to happen on this call. Though perhaps it’s more because Dr. Thompkins still has to finish taking his vitals. She’d only left the room to give them a private moment. Dick feels a bit guilty for that. He doesn’t want to waste her time. 

Tim and Dick hurry down to the Batcave, making sure to don dominos to preserve identities, even in civvies. Constantine’s face fills the batcomputer’s enormous screen. The image is laced with static, but easy enough to make out. Constantine is standing in front of some green screen? But the green behind him seems to be flowing like plasma in the air. Is it the air itself that’s green? He is on a dimensional mission. Maybe their skies aren’t blue but green. It’s hard to see.

“Ah, why if it isn’t Original Robin.” Dick stiffens. Ah just like John Constantine to immediately ruffle feathers the second he joins a conversation. A professional button pusher stuffed into a trench coat and a loose tie.

“Tell Nightwing what you told me,” Tim demands.

“Like I wasn’t getting to that on my own,” Constantine huffs. Tim and Dick share a glance. They’re well aware of Constantine’s nature to be vague and dance around information. He might have gotten to it on his own but they would have been gray-haired by the time he’d managed it, “Red Robin here was just telling me about your Ghost kid? Listen, he doesn’t exactly fit the description in human form, but Red tells me his ghost form is an Uilnow? Was he right?”

“Yes. How do you know what an Uilnow is? Can you help Danny? We had Dr. Leslie look at his core but-”

“Fuck, then it is him. Red- you said he’s six? Fuck. He’s supposed to be a kid but not that much of a kid??!! Though I suppose 19 is an adult. But in the infinite realms comparably he’s a kid-”

“THE POINT!” Dick and Tim yell together. Constantine jumps with his hands in the air by his shoulders in a placating gesture.

“Blimey! Didn’t mean ta’ get your feathers in a bunch, birdies. Fine! Well the mission I- and most of JLD- has been on is that the infinite realms called for backup in the search for their King from multiple dimensions.”

Their… King??? But how can that have anything to do with Danny? A pit is growing in Dick’s stomach. And Constantine knew about Danny’s being deaged somehow… This isn’t boding well…

“Their King was in a pretty major fight and got hurt real bad. They said he almost died the rest of the way, which would have been chaos for the realms. If someone wins against that kid in trial by combat, they become the next King. And the last King was a nutter. The ghosts aren’t too keen on another change of leadership, even if a lot of ‘em aren’t the biggest fans of the current King. Anyway, after he got beat to a pulp and almost croaked, the King took the form of an Uilnow. Something about needing to be smaller to recover. He was in good hands, getting healing, but the next morning POOF! He was gone! The realms have had their panties in a twist because if someone finds him and fights him while he’s still injured and unable to defend himself? New King! And no one wants another thousand years of Pariah Dark to happen. The guy that’s next in the line of succession because he helped with the last trial by combat is a nutter too, according to what a lot of the ghosts ‘been sayin’.”

“Slow down, Constantine. So… Danny is the King? Of… all the infinite realms??? And the infinite realms are… where?” Dick’s head is swimming. And…. and there are ghosts who want to fight Danny? Six year old crutches and braces, power fluctuating, core injured Danny? Dick feels the urge to crush his son into a protective hug and lock themselves in a ghost proof cellar. Does such a thing exist? They should get Lucious working on one stat.

“The infinite realms are sometimes called the ‘ghost zone’ but it’s really more than ghosts. Neverborns and demons and shite live there too much of the time. It’s the lining between dimensions where everything ends up eventually. And yeah with the Kid- based on Red’s description and details, it fits. We’ve- that’s most ghosts, our JLD, and multiple other JLD’s from other dimensions- been searching all over for the kid. We havta make sure that the Fruitloop doesn’t get to him first because people over here are pretty sure he did come back as a full ghost and that he’s on the hunt for the kid king.”

“Fruitloop?” Tim asks incredulously. Constantine rolls his eyes, as if Tim’s the one not making any sense.

“Plasmius. He’s the ghost who’s technically next in line in succession if anything happens to Phantom- that’s the kid’s ghost name before ya hound me with questions. And if he finds Phantom and wins in a fight, he’s king. And the way they talk about Plasmius? We do NOT want him with power over the realms.”

“How do we protect Danny?” Dick is sooo in over his head. He wishes now that Bruce had insisted upon following them down here. Though he’ll never admit that out loud or to B.

“Well, best thing would be to figure out how to age him back up. Kid’s crazy powerful- like Superman type powerful- and if he can have mastery over his powers again he should be able to take care of himself. Gameplan? Make sure nothing happens to ‘im and make sure nobody tries to fight ‘im. They think the only reason he got so hurt in the last fight is because his obsession was being majorly messed with.”

“Obsession?” Tim asks, prompting for further clarification.

“All ghosts got obsessions, Red. It’s what keeps them around once they die. The kid died at 14 and his last thoughts were about protecting his friends. Ever since, he’s been obsessed with protecting people. It’s why he became a hero in the first place. When you bats die you’ll probably all come back as similar protection spirits. Except big ole bats. I’ve got my money betting on him coming back as a furry.” Ah the age old ‘does the batsuit count as a furry costume’ debate. Obviously not. And Bruce would not have been amused at the comparison. Never is. But jason? Oh Jason would be laughing his ass off.

And Hero??? Dick knew Danny had died, but hadn’t known he was a vigilante of his own. But from what he’s seen of Danny’s memories in therapy so far… that would make sense. The pieces are clicking into place. 

“And how did fighting Plasmius mess with his protection obsession?” Dick asks.

“Well he and his friends found Plasmius…. Indisposed…. By the same organization that was trying to vivisect himself… and they figure seeing his foe like that…. He wanted to protect him too, but he couldn’t because he had to protect his friends. It was a do or die situation. And both happened. He did then died… again. But not all the way… again.”

Dick’s heart clenches. So Danny’s died twice. Half died twice? And Dick thought his family’s relationship with resurrection was complicated. Even when Jason died, he came back all the way. None of this half ghost stuff!

Tim’s eyes narrow. “What organization was trying to vivisect Danny?”

“The Ghost Investigation Ward. Though they go by the GIW. Blokes from Phantom’s home dimension.” Dick and Tim stiffen. The shared acronym can’t be a coincidence. Was Gotham Intergenic Works just their dimension’s version of the Ghost Investigation Ward? Danny’s confirmation at being from another dimension does make sense with the files on his and his family’s deaths. That must have been this dimension’s version of Danny and his family. So his family was alive in their home dimension? Dick’s head and heart hurt, but there are more important things going on right now.

“How can we age Danny up?”

“I’ve been in contact with his ghost ‘doc. He says he’s got something that should help. The treatment they were going to do before Phantom disappeared should still help and they’ve developed a portable version to get it to him wherever he’s at in case he can’t come to the Far Frozen. We can bring it to you. It’s probably safer to keep him there in hiding. Plasmius hasn’t shown hide nor tail around Gotham has he?”

“Not that we know. What does he look like?” Dick asks. But he can tell Tim’s thought of something important. He stares at his younger brother. The detective extraordinaire junior. His brain is whirring faster than Dick’s can (especially with how little sleep Dick is running on), placing an invisible puzzle into place. As Constantine answers, Tim moves to pull up a file on the batcomputer.

“He’s a vampiric fire-core ghost. And he’s a halfa like Phantom. White cloak and suit, black horned hair. Fangs. Blue skin. The nine yards. But Phantom’s cronies said last they saw him he was some typa’ giant dragon with big bat wings and a pink fire mane. I can’t make this shite up- ghosts are crazy. I just got finished speakin’ with a woman taller than an amazonian with four arms dressed in full grecian battle gear. And the kid’s doc is a fucking yeti .” Dick isn’t really paying attention for the last part past the description of Vlad Plasmius. Because Tim’s pulled up his picture on the computer. It’s the picture of the claw shaped dent in the pavement they discovered on the streets of Gotham weeks ago… only one claw, as if the creature took one step and disappeared into thin air…. Like a ghost.

“Constantine, I think Plasmius has been in Gotham already. You guys might want to hurry.”

“Fuck. Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck. You bats stay there. We’ll bring it to yo-” Before Constantine can finish his sentence, the feed’s static increases and the audio cuts out, slowly followed by the visual. At least he was able to get his words across before the call failed.

Dick dashes upstairs, energy renewed in his steps. For weeks now he’s been wired tight. When his PTO let out and he transferred to Gotham PD, he’d had so many fights with coworkers, even with a few of his friends who were telling him it was a mistake to sacrifice his career for some random kid who wasn’t even his. He’d been on a fast track to a promotion in the Blüdhaven force and it would give him a real opportunity to start weeding out some of the corruption in the police department there. By going to Gotham, he gave up that career momentum and it had people stuttering. 

But they’d been wrong. 

Danny’s wasn’t just some kid. He was Dick’s kid, pretty much from the very start. And Bruce was right. It was worth the late nights and the life changes and the moving back in with his Dad (not that that would be permanent). Not that Dick ever had any real doubts. It’s just- it’s been so much lately. And he’d been trying to figure out how to do school with Danny. It’s not exactly like they could send him to any school with his fluctuating powers and his disability needs. Sure, once Titus was fully trained that would help loads, but that was at least another year away, if it even ended up working out. Dick knew the wash rates were high. There’d been a time long ago when he’d done service dog research for Barbara before she’d confessed to Dick she didn’t really want or need one.

Dick shakes his head. He was losing his train of thought again. Where was Danny? He bursts into where he’d left Danny and Bruce, but they weren’t there anymore. Where-

Dick has tears in his eyes now. Calm down, idiot- they’re probably fine! I think I’d notice if a frickin’ dragon burst through the manor! Chill out. But Dick can’t. He’s wound as tight as a trapeze wire. He isn’t sure if it's the lack of sleep or the massive amounts of implications from the phone call. Ghost King? Trial by combat? Yeti Ghost Doctor? Was his life some weird episode from the twilight zone? Who was going to pop out and tell him he was on the Truman show? Surely his life has to be entertaining someone with its madness. 

Dick finds himself pacing down random hallways, blindly looking for his dad and his son. No logic to where he searches. He’s like a zombie. Or a phantom. And what was with his son having a ghost name? Would he prefer to go by it instead of Danny? Was Dick being impolite to ghost kind? Offensive to not use his ghost name? Danny never seemed to care and oh now he was spiraling into the completely irrelevant.

“Woah Dickiebird, chill,” Jason implores when Dick almost smacks directly into his chest. Dick stumbles over his toes at the sudden stop. He hadn’t been looking right in front of him and he almost barrelled through his little brother. Well, brother. Jason hadn’t been littler than him for years. They stand at perfect eye level, even if Jason is significantly beefier, which was no small feat with Dick’s physique. When did Jason get as tall as Dick? He can’t remember. It had to have been before this but after that. Memories flood through Dick’s mind and he can’t remember what he was doing. Danny.

“Um, I think not,” Jason says as Dick tries to brush him off and go past. Jason has a stern look in his eyes but underneath it, Dick can see the clear worry, “Ya look like ya seen a ghost. Where are ya going?” Jason’s alley accent is thick tonight. He usually tries to cover it more.

“I ugh- Constantine and Danny and-” 

“Dick.” Dick’s eyes focus on Jason’s seafoam green ones, grounding him.

“Danny’s okay. I just saw him and B. Danny’s asleep, he’s just nappin’. And… maybe you should too. When’s the last time you slept?”

Dick can’t do math at a time like this. Danny’s the king of ghosts and he was hurt and he-

“Dick.”

Fine. Dick thinks about it. He’d had a night and early morning police shift and had gone on Nightwing patrol before that. And then the museum (he couldn’t cancel-he’d promised Danny and Damian), and now it was…. Okay yeah he had it.

“36 hours?”

“That was a question.”

“...38? 40? I don’t know.”

“Fuck you’re just as bad as Tim. I don’t know why Alfred isn’t on your case. C’mere,” Jason says, grabbing Dick’s wrist and leading him down the hallway. He wants to protest and tell him he has to get to Danny, wherever he is, but he allows Jason to guide him. 

“I was coming by to check on tha tike too. He’s alright, see? Now will you please go to sleep?” Jason says, having stopped them in the doorway of Danny’s room. Oh, why hadn’t Dick thought to check there first? The answer was simply. He hadn’t thought.

Apparently, after Dr. Thompkins had finished up, Bruce had deposited Danny in his bedroom to finish another nap. Danny lay, carefully tucked under the blankets, with both arms wrapped around Penguin. One of his thumbs is in his mouth and his hair sticks up at all angles, displaying more of the white underneath near the nape or his neck than usual. His hair’s grown quite long. Dick smiles. It’s long enough to start tying back into a ponytail like he does his own hair much of the time. He wonders if Danny would like that.

“Dickhead? Danny=fine. You=sleep.” Jason clips. He moves to grab Dick’s shoulders and guide him to his room but Dick lazily shoves his hands away. Instead, he stumbles forward into Danny’s room, plopping himself down on the bed with his son, not bothering to change into pajamas. He cuddles him close into a hug from on top of the blankets best he can. Danny barely even stirs. He’s out and snoring softly into Turtledove’s hair before his brother even turns off the lights, holding him lovingly as his son holds Penguin.
Notes:

    The bats get answers and you get fluff my Sweet Finches. Answers and Fluff! Also, which POV are yall enjoying the most so far? Damian, Danny, or Dick?

Chapter 25: Starry Night Sky
Summary:

    Danny has some fun about the manor at night unsupervised. Damian finds himself inspired by their museum trip. Danny and Damian POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 25: Starry Night Sky

 

~~

Danny

~~

Danny wakes up to a very split experience. He is refreshed. Like this whole time he has been half asleep and didn’t realize it. But now he feels awake awake. But also- his core sits awkward in his chest. He’s never felt that before, but it almost feels like the shape is… wrong? Like an infinity loop instead of a circle? Still, it’s centered in his chest and it doesn’t hurt. It just feels really weird. 

His eyes shoot open the second he wakes up and he moves to jolt into a sitting upright position. But oh. A heavy arm blocks his path. Danny looks to his side to see his Papa (when did he get here???) snoring next to him, his hair mussed and his clothes wrinkled. He didn’t even change into pajamas? Hmph. What a hypocrite. He doesn’t let Danny sleep in his day clothes. Danny scowls at his Papa, wanting to be up and about. But the heavy arm stays put across his middle. If he could just…

Danny slips into intangibility and floats away to the floor. Oh! His intangibility worked when he wanted it to! That was convenient. Was this weird feeling in his core how things were supposed to be and he’s forgotten with it having been so long? Feeling a little proud of himself, he floats up and away a bit, delighting quietly in his control of his powers. And… after checking again, his core doesn’t hurt. It’s just that weird sensation of the shape being wrong. He vaguely remembers a visit with Dr. Leslie yesterday, but he’d been so tired and sleepy he doesn’t really remember what the adults had been saying. Did this mean Dr. Leslie had fixed his core? Danny thrums happily to himself, allowing his core to purr in a cat-like fashion. The sound reverberates inside him in an echo-like fashion. Was that normal? Or was that new too? Regardless, he is elated with this feeling of being so refreshed and his powers cooperating so well. He pumps his little fists in the air, forgoing a whoop as to not wake his Papa. Danny looks to his braces and crutches set on the bedside table and sticks his tongue out at them. Hehe. He doesn’t need them- he can fly again!

Danny smacks a kiss to his palm, blowing it into the air towards his sleepy papa. Sweet dreams dad! He thinks in his head, not daring to wake his papa. He floats off, phasing intangibly once more through the door.

Oookkay. What now? Danny had so many things he wanted to do and try since he came to the manor, but couldn’t because of his stupid legs. But now that the opportunity is presenting itself, he can’t seem to remember what he wants to do. Hmm… Oh!

Danny flies down the hall to the first chandelier he can find. His auntie Babs told him a story about how Papa used to swing from them when he first came to the manor before Alfie taught him some manners. Babs had made a joke about how she wonders where those manners went. Papa had punched her in the shoulder with a complainy ‘hey!’, and Auntie Babs had said ‘case and point’.

Danny grabs a hold of the hanging metal curves of the chandelier and lets his ghostly flight drop. Gravity swings his body down, hanging back and forth with the dangle of his toes. He giggles madly. Danny can understand why Papa thought this was fun! Danny kicks his little legs fiercely, allowing the momentum to sway him and the chandelier back and forth on its chain that dangles them from the ceiling. Danny remembers his night with Papa in the circus on the acrobat bars. This is a little like that, he supposes. With his sights set on the chandelier a bit far from them down the hall, Danny sticks his tongue out in concentration. The distance between the two light fixtures is too far for a normal human to swing between, but Danny’s flight can always catch him if he can’t actually make it. He focuses intently on the distance and on the next upswing of the chandelier, he lets go. Four-fifths of the way there, Danny realizes with certainty that he isn’t going to make it, so he flashes into an Uilnow and stretches his wings which allow him to glide smoothly to the ground. He laughs, which comes out as more of a twinkling and bell-like sound. Hmm. What next?

An hour or two later, Uilnow Danny’s climbed and walked onto the roofs of the kitchen cabinets (wow they were so clean! He had expected to find dust bunnies!), explored the vents (that was more boring than he thought it would be- there wasn’t much to see), and played chase with Alfred the cat (if he was a happy participant or a fleeing victim, Danny couldn’t be sure. He didn’t speak cat). 

This is fun! Danny’s so glad Papa told him he could use his powers again! Wait, was that what he’d said? When Danny was freezing over at the Museum, Papa had told him if it was hurting to not use his powers, then using them was worth a try. Hmm. Did that mean Danny should only be using his powers when he didn’t feel good? Danny can’t remember what Dr. Leslie had said- he had been so sleepy. But… he feels so good right now as an Uilnow and after using his powers. He wasn’t even the least bit sleepy! Surely this can’t be wrong when it feels so right? And his core didn’t hurt but it did feel weird. Did that constitute as a time to use his powers? Whatever. Danny can ask Papa later.

Danny wonders where everyone is. It doesn’t seem like anyone’s awake. He can’t remember what time it was when he went to bed. He barely even remembers having been put in pajamas and to bed. He’d slept away so much of the day yesterday! Danny pads over to a hall window and pulls aside a curtain with his little teeth. He hops up onto the sill to look at the sky.

Oh. Oh.

The stars…. They’re out and they're beautiful. Danny sits on the sill, staring up into a dark night sky with swirling starry music painted across its canvas. Danny can tell there’s a thick smog in the Gotham air, but his vision as an Uilnow is really great and he can see beyond it. When he’s looked up at the sky as Danny, and even as Phantom, he’s always loved the stars. But to their eyes, they were glittering specs in the distance of an immense and infinite universe. To Uilnow Danny… they are something else entirely. His vision must be different because he can see traces of energy flowing between and around and within the stars, even from down on earth. Blues and golds and yellows and greens streak across the night in delicate swirling patterns. Bright glows hang around each star like fireflies. It’s like in a painting they’d seen at the museum- The Starry Night. Is this what its artist had seen when looking up at the heavens? How they’d been able to tear their eyes away long enough to paint it is an astounding mystery to Danny.

Danny can barely stand to tear his eyes away long enough to fly through the roof, but he does. The roof view would just be so much prettier! And Danny wants to be as close to the stars as he can!

Settling his paws back on the roof, Danny settles into a sitting position like a little gargoyle, settled delicately across the slanted roof tiles, muzzle pointed up at the sky. He sits and stares for who knows how long. His core sings with the stars above and he finds himself naming stars and constellations he knows by heart. But this time, he can see the colors that swirl around them too. It’s like getting reacquainted with them all over again, like they’re personal friends this time rather than celebrity crushes. Could you have a celebrity crush on a star? Danny isn’t sure but if anyone could surely it would be him.

He stares and stares and his core hums and sings until after a while, Danny realizes he’s been singing out loud. His fox lips are parted and a melody releases unhindered from a deep place within his soul. The light glowing from his pale blue fur is bright and dazzling and the speckles on the undersides of his wings sparkle like his own set of stars. He flaps his wings gracefully in place, letting his furry feathers shake big and wide, spreading out his stars and reaching them as high behind his back as he can. He interrupts his song to howl longingly up at the sky. It’s high pitched and smooth, melodious and pretty. Danny’s never felt so closely connected to space, even when building model rockets or studying through a telescope. This. On top of Wayne manor, nothing between him and the stars above. This is home.

~~

Damian

~~

 

Damian stands at an easel, unsure of what to paint. When they went to the museum, Damian had been surprised to find exactly what Dick had suggested he might: inspiration. When he’d walked into the paintings exhibit, he was entranced by the use of light, color, shape, and form to create the scenes before him. Some were more abstracted, but many were extremely photorealistic. To be able to capture something so lifelike with nothing but a brush and paint? Damian needed to know how.

But Damian knows that painting takes years. Many of the masters whose artwork was displayed in the museum had been professionals their whole lives, and still only appreciated after their death. But for their artwork to live on for hundreds of years after their passing? To be carefully and artfully preserved behind protective glass and hung with reverence in a museum? It was… just as beautiful as the artwork itself.

So, like everything else Damian has tackled in life, it would just take practice. He’s mastered countless martial arts and styles of sword fighting. How hard can painting be? Shortly after leaving the museum, he’d set about town collecting all the supplies he’d need. After a short recess to complete some schoolwork he needed to get done, he’d gathered his supplies to begin his journey to learn to paint.

It’s his third ruined canvas in which he sighs in exasperation. Nothing looks right! He’s tried to paint a rooftop Batman from memory and Titus from visual study, but it turns out living forms are very difficult. And he is eleven. As loath as he is to admit his youth sometimes, maybe age does have something to do with ability in some cases. Like in his martial arts training. Damian is very built, he is strong and muscled and able, but he’s still too small to be able to overpower an opponent in most circumstances. He has to rely much more on angles in his fights to take advantage of foes and the element of surprise than his family. One day that will change. If he is to be anywhere near Bruce’s impressive height, he will be unbeatable when he is Batman himself one day. And Talia is not of any short stature either. Yes, he’ll be incredibly tall one day! But for now, he is reduced to ‘short stack’ as Todd and Drake often tease him. Drake will regret that in a few years, Damian’s sure. The teen’s coffee consumption alone is enough to massively hinder his growth, in Damian’s opinion.

If organic figures are too much for Damian’s current skill level, he will have to find another muse. 

Twenty minutes later, he’s packed up his easel and equipment and scouted out a balcony attached to a guest room on the top floor of the manor. This will be a suitable position to sketch and paint the garden below from an interesting vantage point, a vantage point not entirely like that which he often takes as Robin. He hadn’t realized how many hours had passed until he’d made his way outside into the night. Still, a nightscape will be a suitable enough landscape view to paint. The external lighting of the lampposts in the garden below cast an adequate amount of light to make out the details of the scene below him.

Damian’s finishing painting the basic layout of the background: grass, the bottom of the building, and sky, when a faint glow catches his attention in the corner of his eye.

Danny, in the form of an Uilnow, perches on the roof a few feet away, paws placed just so to keep him balanced on the slant of the gothic roof’s tiles. Damian considers calling over to him, but he seems safely balanced and he does have literal wings should he fall. Besides, Danny doesn’t seem to have noticed him. His muzzle is pointed directly at the stars. That’s right, Danny does have a strangely strong affinity for anything space themed. They sit in silence for a while, Danny stargazing peacefully while Damian paints. He adds in Titus and Alfred (the cat), as well as a few other critters like foxes and squirrels. Damian finds they’re easier to incorporate as vague undefined but distinctly animal forms rather than trying to paint their anatomy in detail. Besides, in his painting, they’re meant to be seen from a significant distance. It adds to the depth of the painting for them to be undefined and unfocused shapes in and amongst the flowers and bushes of the garden. He turns his head back to the sky, set to add details to the stars in his painting.

Gotham smog mostly obstructs the view of the stars, but Damian paints them anyway, pulling up images on his phone to help supplement what he can’t quite see. Artists can be allowed some degree of artistic license, right? And his skillset doesn’t allow for complete photorealism in his painting anyway so he may as well indulge in a little fantasy. His placement of constellations and stars is probably not entirely accurate but it can get so with practice. He paints the clouds of smog like a blanket in the air, blending out the shapes as best he can so the stars he’s painted underneath can show through. Even though it’s rather murky in real life, he goes over the stars on top of the clouds with another speckling of paint so that it looks like they shine through the smoke. Danny would want the stars to be more visible.

Damian finds himself proud, stepping back at his work. It is not masterful or perfection, but he created it from nothing but his hands, his brush, a pen, and a canvas. And for some reason that feels significant. Damian finds emotions batting at his heart out of left field. What?

Why… Why does his heart clench in his chest like it does? He’s proud of his painting- he’s not…

But it hits him. All his life he has been a weapon for mass destruction. He’s been trained as the heir to the demon’s head, the perfect assassin, a warrior. He was trained to cut down his foes with merciless tact. And then even when he came to Father, even when he learned to use that ability for good and to withhold his violence unless absolutely necessary, he was still cutting down criminals. It was good work, but it was taking. Removing. This was giving. This is creating. Something sings in Damian’s chest with the feeling of making something into being instead of destroying. A hole he didn’t know he still had within him fills with emotion and tears brim on the backs of his eyes.

And then he hears it. Looking to his left confirms: Danny is singing. His small wings are lifted behind his back, shaking eerily slightly in the slight night breeze. Not even the soft rustling of his feathers sounds and it's like he’s a hologram with no form to cause sound. The speckles on the undersides of his wings glow and glitter like gemstones and his muzzle is parted slightly. The melody escapes his throat without movement of his lips or lungs or seemingly the assistance of larynx, like he’s an old fashioned record player set to play, the sound emanating out of him. The song is twisting and twinkling with the combination of many noises: bells ringing, owl hooting, purring, and a light twinkly noise like wind chimes but somehow more organic than that. But there’s no animal Damian knows of that can make that noise. Bird chirping joins it and the tune sways up and down in pitch, rolling with the emotions of joy and awe. It’s a breathtaking sound. 

Damian smiles, pausing in his painting to admire Danny in his joy. That kid, weird as he may be with his ghostliness, deserves to be so relaxed and happy. Damian can’t help but remember him in that GIW lab, biting and bucking to get the scientists off of him, too weak to do so successfully. And for the thousandth time, he’s washed with gratitude that they’d rescued him. Guilt pangs in his chest. They would have just left him there if he hadn’t revealed his human half. Back then, Damian hadn’t seen the trouble with that. Animals were animals and people were people. Animals weren’t worth jeopardizing the covert nature of their mission. But Danny had ended up being worth it. And sure he was human, but he was clearly animal too. And Damian cannot help but feel that animals who aren’t human in any capacity deserve the same level of respect. Titus has shown him just how intelligent animals can be, even if they can’t speak on a human level.

Damian hums subconsciously with Danny, just smiling and enjoying his nephew’s display of joy.

And then suddenly, Danny is tackled off the roof by a blur of blue and red that comes from up over the other side of the roof.
Notes:

    Hello Sweet Finches! Yes I am still here! Life just picks up and gets busy now and again but I won’t forget this fic I promise <3. What do we think? There is about to be a lot of action in the next scene! As always I live for your comments!

Chapter 26: Red and Blue Blur
Summary:

    We discover what the red and blue blur from the last chapter is and Dick makes a startling discovery about Danny during a battle. Danny and Dick POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 26: Red and Blue Blur

 

~~

Danny

~~

He had been minding his own business, singing to his heart’s content when something out of the sky tackled him from behind. His happy howl is abruptly cut off with a yipe as strong but thin arms hold him to their chest. Danny squirms in the grasp, completely caught off guard and stunned but ready to wiggle his way to freedom nonetheless.

“Danny!” someone cries from below. Uncle Dames? What was he doing on the roof? Danny’s vision is careening while his abductor rights themself in the air, pulling back on the momentum of their rush to yank Danny from his perch. Danny kicks his back legs and pumps his wings trying to escape but the arms are so strong and he doesn’t have a good angle to bite either. Oh wait- he can go intangible! Right? Danny’s powers have still been so unreliable; he hopes this one will work now while he needs it. Squeezing his eyes shut and pulling on his core, Danny tries. He manages one of his legs intangible but can’t manage to get the rest of his body to. Dangit! His core feels strange as instincts war within him.

Protect Uncle Dames. One half of his core screams.

Uncle Dames, protect me! The other cries.

“Stop wiggling, squirt! I’m trying to help you!” An annoyed young voice croaks out in a tone with slight panic and annoyance. Danny manages to lessen his squirming to a degree where he is able to angle his face up at his kidnapper.

“Superboy?” Damian shouts confusedly. Who must be ‘Superboy’ fills Danny’s vision, albeit with his face upside down due to Danny’s position in his arms. He is an older kid- maybe 11 or 12 with slightly wavy black hair. His gaze darts between down at his arms at Danny, down to Damian, and to something over his shoulder behind him. After gazing behind him, he mutters ‘crud’ and they fly forward and Superboy grabs Damian by the arm. They lock arms, forearm gripping forearm, and Superboy flies off with both Damian and Danny in tow.

Danny resumes growling and wiggling for freedom, pinned between the boy’s arm and his chest.

“Superboy- what is going on?” Damian’s voice is smooth and even despite the unexpected intrusion. Had Uncle Dames known this flying boy was coming? Or was he just that cool under pressure? Damian’s confidence eases some of Danny’s utter panic. If this is a friend of Damian’s, is he another safe? Danny’s family had introduced him to Iris and Barry and Leslie and all of them had turned out to be safes. Danny wishes to reach out for this newcomer’s core and read his aura to check, but his core still feels weird and conflicted and Danny’s not sure he’d be able to trust what it has to say anyway. His chest feels too tight and his skin feels too small. His body itches and he pumps his back legs, not wanting to remain still regardless of feeling less panicked about Superboy.

“We gotta get to safety. Dad’s holding it off but that thing is crazy strong. We’ve been battling it towards Gotham all night and it’s not letting up. It wants something here in Gotham desperately. I heard you painting up on the roof and figured I had to get you to safety so I flew ahead. The monster’s heading towards your house.”

“What monster?” They’re zipping through the air and the wind is whipping in Danny’s ears and his wings. When he flies, he feels like gliding, but angled as he is, belly flat to the air hitting him instead of arranged aerodynamically, Danny feels slapped by the air like belly flopping in a pool. And the speed they’re flying at makes it sting. Ouch.

“Dude, I have no idea!” Superboy replies to Damian, “It’s some kind of weird dragon, but it’s got six legs and bat wings and it’s on fire and it keeps growling for ‘Danny’.”

Damian stiffens besides Danny and he looks over at his Uncle, still hanging in the air by locked forearms. He’s in a sweatshirt and loose pants, casual and maybe sleepclothes? But they don’t have little bats or wonder woman ‘w’s on them like Danny’s own pajama bottoms usually do. So maybe they’re not pajamas? Don’t pajamas have to be fuzzy and colorful to be pajamas? Danny’s mind distracts him from the abduction taking place. At least if he’s being spirited away (ha), his Uncle Damian is here with him. No, Damian is in danger here! His core wars again between gratefulness at Damian’s presence and abhorring it.

“This is Danny, my nephew.”

“What?” Superboy shouts over the whipping wind, “Since when do you have a nephew ??? Which of your siblings was pregnant?”

“First off, Dick was never pregnant, nor did he sire Danny. Danny is adopted.”

“DICK??? Since when did you stop calling him Grayson??? And wouldn’t Danny be… a pet? Not a nephew?” The casual conversation between the two above and beside him confuses Danny. Damian must know this guy, but he scowls with every sentence they share. But his core isn’t angry. Uncle Dames is confusing sometimes.

“Inconsequential. And Danny is not a pet, he is a human. He is just also an Uilnow?”

“What’s an Uilnow?”

“Danny is.”

“Gee thanks, that was so helpful Dami.” Oh wow, this Superboy guy called Damian a nickname and didn’t get stabbed. They must be good friends. Well, Danny supposes Damian doesn’t seem to have any stab-adjacent tools on hand, but still. But yeah, Danny is definitely not a pet thank you very much. He allows white rings to encircle his midsection and split up and down, revealing Danny’s human form to Superboy.

“Mmhmm,” Superboy hums with a blink in reluctant acceptance.

“Come on, Superboy. Your father is Superman, an alien from another solar system. One of his best friends is a shapeshifting martian. I think you can extend your capacity to a child with a ghostly fox form.”

Superboy blushes in embarrassment, “If he’s a ghost, how come I can feel him solidly?”

“I’ll explain things later. Mind telling me what’s going on?”

“Right,” Superboy says, shaking his head as he flies Danny and Damian far away, “The JL got a call about a dragon monster terrorizing a city not far from Metropolis and Dad, Kon El and I went to take care of it. It’s really strong Dami. All three of us on it and he’s not breaking. He can go intangible and his fire seems to have similar qualities to kryptonite, though not nearly as strong. We don’t know why it isn’t even green- it’s pink! Once we got close enough to Gotham city limits, it started to make a beeline for Wayne Manor and I flew ahead to warn you all while Dad and Kon kept it distracted for as long as possible. Do you have any idea why this thing is after one of you?”

Damian seems to pause at that and a pit grows in Danny’s stomach. He’s had nightmares about the dragon creature Superboy just described. And his memories are patchy, but his therapy with M’gann has helped him a little. Danny knows this Dragon. It’s Vlad.

Danny’s sure he doesn’t remember every memory of the man, but he remembers that he’s hurt Danny. And he remembers he’s scary. But most of all he remembers his death. He doesn’t remember all the details- some of the gorier bits his Papa and M’gann and him had decided to lock away until he was older.

But he somewhat remembers being older, holding a pink crystalline core in his hands while it burned him alive as it faded to nothingness. As a man who’d saved him from unspeakable unthinkable torture crumbled away from existence. This must be Vlad back again, but this time as a full ghost.

Ghosts of the dead often didn’t remember their lives. But it was about 50/50 if Danny was remembering right. But if Vlad was barrelling towards them now, he likely remembered at least his death. Danny had killed him. Danny can feel Uncle Dames’ concerned eyes on him as tears well in his now-human eyes, spilling over his cheeks when he shuts his lashes tight.

I killed him.

I killed him.

I killed him.

It was his fault. It was his fault and now Vlad’s here and hurting people and it’s Danny’s fault. And what can Danny do? Half of his core screams to hide and let the heroes protect him. To ball himself away into a hidey hole and not emerge until he was safe. The other half was yelling at him to protect the heroes and make sure they didn’t get hurt. Danny’s core was at war with itself and it hurt.

“Uhhh, Is that normal?” Superboy asks, setting himself and Damian down onto the ground after having made sufficient distance from the skirmish happening far behind them. Danny remains in Superboy’s arms, but with the white sections of his hair glowing softly.

“Danny?” Damian asks in a heartbreakingly soft tone for the usually quite-harsh voiced older boy. Danny opens his eyes.

“My- My chest hurts,” Danny admits, meeting his uncle’s eyes with his own tear stained ones. He puts a hand up to his chest, gripping at his shirt.

“I-I. That’s Vlad. ” Danny doesn’t really want to talk about this, but he tries to push all of the significance his little body can will into the last word. Damian still looks utterly confused. Of course. He wasn’t at therapy. He doesn’t know who Vlad is. Danny whines impatiently. He can’t waste time on this explaining right now. He needs to do something. Finally, he wiggles free from Superboy’s hold.

“Wait, Danny-” Superboy starts, but it’s too late. Danny lifts himself up into the air with his own weightlessness and feels at his core. It churns like it’s moving in his chest, which Danny is pretty sure it isn’t supposed to do. It feels like a restless butterfly in a cage beating delicate fast wings against the bars in a floppy frenzied panic. He’s going to throw up. No, he can hold it in. Danny feels his core, using the same place in it he usually uses to find auras. If he can just-

There. Like a compass, he can feel exactly the direction Vlad is in. In all one blur of an instant, he takes off in that direction.

It doesn’t take Danny long until he’s back near the grounds of the manor. He can see the large draconian nightmare fighting what must be Superboy’s dad and ‘Kon El’. It looks like Batman, Red Robin, and Spoiler have joined in the fight to keep Vlad at bay. It looks like part of the manor is wrecked, the building crumbling in one section. Where is his Papa??? Where are Alfred and Jason and Titus? Danny fears for their safety with all his soul. This is just like before with Sam, Tucker, and Jazz. The tears fall fiercer down Danny’s little cheeks.

Danny lets himself drift to the ground and kneels on his knees, his legs too weak to hold him up. If it's from the emotional weight suffocating him or physical weakness, Danny can’t be sure. He just wants his papa and Penguin. He wants Grandpa Bruce and Granddad Alfred and all his aunts and uncles safe. They protect him and they don’t deserve to be hurt. To have to fight off Vlad.

Vlad roars with fury, pink flames licking higher off his back in a plume of a heated mane. He slams a clawed hand down at Batman, missing as he tucks and rolls out of the way. At the same time, Vlad slams his spiked tail into the torso of one of the men in red and blue- the bigger one- likely Superboy’s dad. He flies back fifteen feet in the air with an ‘oomph’ before righting himself and shooting red lasers from his eyes towards Vlad. Vlad flickers into intangibility and hovers into the air, missing the strike which goes through him and barely misses Spoiler from where she stands on the opposite side.

“Hey watch it big blue!” She cries out. Superman looks a bit sheepish for a millisecond before refocusing on the matter at hand. Red Robin tosses a smoke bomb in Vlad’s face, which explodes with perfect timing leaving a cloud of smoke around the dragon’s snout. The action startles him back into tangibility and presumably Kon El grabs him by one of the middle legs, lifting him high into the air and slamming him down on the manor grounds away from the house. One of Alfred’s beautiful gardens crumbles beneath his scaly weight. Spoiler uses a grapple to shoot up into his shoulder and fling herself at the dragon’s eyes. She’s unable to stop her momentum as Vlad moves impossibly fast for his size, chomping down on one of her arms and tossing her bodily to the ground with a huff. Batman cries out at the sight of her unmoving form scarily close to the dragon’s massive clawed feet.

The heroes rush forward again and again, avoiding strikes and landing blows when they can. Red Robin and Batman continue to use a barrage of smoke bombs whenever Vlad tries to turn intangible and fly away, dazing him into tangibility once more. Danny clutches the bottom of his shirt tightly in white fists. Danny sobs, torn and unsure of what to do. His sob peaks the attention of Vlad, whose ears perk into Danny’s direction. Batman’s eyes follow the dragon’s gaze and he spots Danny. Even from his fair distance away, Danny can feel the spark of fear in Grandpa Bruce’s aura. Fear for Danny.

At the same time, Danny’s keen hearing picks up on another voice. His Papa is shouting his name near the crumbled corner of the building, which Danny now realizes is where him and Damian had just been sitting roofside moments ago. His Papa cries for Danny in a panicked whir, lifting various bits of rubble. Oh, he probably thought Danny was crushed somewhere. He cries out for Uncle Damian too.

“Papa!” Danny yells a bit too forcefully, but still without his ghostly wail. He needs to make sure his dad can hear him- know he is alright. This shout riles Vlad up even more, who once again struggles in a cloud of smoke bomb and the grip of two of his legs by the supers, as well as a grapple by Batman lodged into his neck. A trail of green ectoplasm drips from the wound. 

Papa’s aura only thickens like sludge in deeper unease as Vlad’s effort to scramble in Danny’s direction doubles.

Danny’s chest keeps feeling like it’s wriggling beneath his skin, feeding into a nauseous feeling. Instead of fight or flight, his whole being wars with protect or be protected. Which, Danny supposes, is close to the same thing. His fists bury into the hem of his shirt and he pulls at it in anxiety, sniffling and crying. 

It isn’t long until his decision is made. Danny’s Papa, having sighted his son and heard his cries, has launched from the manor and is in a dead sprint in his direction. As he passes the battle going on to contain the riled Vlad, a giant clawed foot swings in his direction.

Danny moves so quickly he doesn’t even realize what’s happened. He rockets forward, legs joining into a ghostly tail behind him. His pure white hair whips behind him and his eyes blaze green. Before Vlad’s foot is able to kick into his Papa, Danny shoves his Papa’s chest with outstretched arms, turning them both intangible as the clawed foot passes through. Danny shoves both of them to the side where they roll in the grass away from the skirmish.

Danny turns from his Papa, who looks at him with a very mixed bag of emotions. Shock? Confusion? Fear? What has him so confused? Danny tries to reach out to his aura with his core, but finds he cannot access the power. That’s odd. Aura reading is the one power Danny’s never had trouble with, even the first day in the manor when he was so weak. Come to think of it, that bubbling nauseous core wobbling feeling he’d been having is gone too. Weird.

But there’s no time to focus on that now. Danny spins around to face Vlad. He knows what he has to do.

~~

Dick

~~

It has to be the middle of the night when a tremor wracks the whole manor. Dick wakes with a start, and the first thought on his mind is Danny . Sprinting to Danny’s room across the hall, Dick tries to convince himself that he’s being ridiculous. He dreamed that or it was an everyday earthquake… in New Jersey…. Well Dick supposed even if unlikely it could be possible. But Dick’s sinking heart is confirmed when Danny’s room is empty. Dick steps outside his son’s bedroom to be met by Tim in Red Robin gear. He was on patrol this evening and had likely been in the batcave.

“He’s not inside?” Tim asks, semi-panicked as well.

“No, what was-”

“Damian was on the side of the building that got hit, maybe Danny is with him,” Tim supplies as they run to the other side of the manor through long carpeted halls. Lights flicker on with motion sensors as they sprint. Dick’s heart sinks further. Dames too?

“I was going over files and ready to head out on patrol when we got a distress call from Superman. He and the ‘boys are battling some giant monster that was heading towards Gotham. That’s what just hit the manor. I think B is already out there. He’d responded to their call; he was out on patrol before I was. So was Spoiler.”

“Where is Alfred?”

“I don’t know, but I don’t think he was on that side of the manor.” Dick and Tim rush to the scene. When they arrive at the movie theater room on the opposite end of the manor, one wall is completely caved in, the outer brick of the building crumbling down to the grassy gardens below. Through the cavernous opening on the other end of the room, Dick can see a battle taking place. Bruce as Batman, Superman, and Superboy all battle some type of giant dragon. After a couple more seconds pass, Dick spots Spoiler on the other side of the creature, joined in the fight. Dick gulps. That must be the ghost Constantine was talking about. Vlad Plasmius . 

Tim wordlessly grabs around Dick’s torso and waist, using his grapple to lower them to the ground outside the now unstable section of building. Looking behind them, Dick sees that a section of the manor is plain missing, like someone took a slice of cake out of the side revealing the innards of the manor. 

“Get to the cave and get in gear!” Tim yells back at Dick, running towards the beast to aid their dad and the Supes. Dick knows one of the entrances to the Batcave is right behind him in the now exposed first floor hall, grandfather clock still intact. But where are Danny and Damian? Dick catches sight of a section of building rubble collapsed on the group and his throat chokes. If they were together and they were on this side of the building…

“Danny!!! Damian!!!” Dick shouts, methodically picking apart the rubble and carefully looking under larger sections. 

“Papa!!” A tiny familiar voice cries. The sound of anguish in the tone is a knife to Dick’s heart. Dick’s eyes settle on his son a fair distance away from the manor, standing alone with his fists twisted in his shirt. The dragon renews its fight against the supers and bats, rearing on the backmost set of legs and roaring, pink flames shooting into the air and from his maw. Batman rolls to the side, barely escaping the pillar of flames. Batman shoots a grapple into the dragon’s neck and a green substance trickles from the wound. He shoots two more smoke bombs in the creature’s eyes. Batman must be running low on them, he won’t have more left after too much longer.

Dick sets after Danny in a sprint. He has to get to his son before Vlad. King of Ghosts complications aside, Danny is in danger. Dick almost doesn’t see when a giant clawed foot swings towards him. And when he does see, he’s too late to stop his momentum. But lightning fast, as soon as his brain can compute what’s about to hit him, two hands press hard on his chest, shoving him out of the way. Shoving him… through the way? A cold chill passes through Dick’s entire being as his son phases him through the foot of the dragon while shoving him out of the way at the same time. A bit unnecessarily since they were intangible, not that Dick was complaining. 

Dick rolls over in the grass to find Danny…. but this isn’t the Danny he knows. This is the Danny from therapy, from his memories of the past, perhaps from another dimension all together if their theories were correct. This is a nineteen year old Danny with pure white hair cut short in the back with fluffy long bangs in the front. This is a nineteen year old Danny with glowing green eyes and a black and silver hazmat suit.

This is a nineteen year old Danny. A Danny who was a hero. Danny before he knew Dick. Does he remember him now? Danny’s looking at Dick with confusion, but it doesn’t seem like the amnesiac kind. His eyes pierce through Dick’s as if to ask ‘what’s wrong?’. It’s a knowing gaze, a searching one. Dick’s mind is racing with so many questions and complications he can’t seem to get a grip on his words for once.

How are you back to being an adult?

Are you alright?

Are you really a Ghost King?

Are you… Are you still my son?

Before Dick can squeak out a single one of these questions, Danny’s turned to face away from him and towards Vlad.

“PLASMIUS!” Danny bellows in a voice much deeper than Dick is used to. He stands so confidently and he’s so tall. He isn’t nearly as broad as Jason or Bruce, but he’s just as tall, if not perhaps taller.

The dragon seems to still ever so slightly in his struggle with the others. Bruce takes the opportunity to sprint at Spoiler, who remains on the ground unmoving from where she’d been thrown down. Please be okay , Dick wills with his being. But Batman will check on her. Dick cannot tear his eyes away from his son.

“You don’t want to fight them. You want me, right? You’ve always wanted me. We can talk this out. You don’t have to-” But before Danny can finish his sentence, he’s shooting upwards to avoid a spiked tail sailing in his direction. Vlad takes this moment to break away from Superman’s and Superboy’s grasp around his ankles. Red Robin runs to join Batman and Spoiler as Vlad catapults himself into the air after Danny.

“What did we miss?” Superboy the second yells over the amassing thunder in the sky. The wind is picking up and a storm is on the precipice of breaking over them.

Dick spins around surprised. Since when did Jon get here? As he turns, he sees Damian as well, but Damian’s focus isn’t on Dick.

“Danny!” Damian yells. But he doesn’t yell it to the sky where Danny just took off to, but at the distance in the clearing a ways off. Damian’s already taken off in that direction. When Dick’s eyes follow the path, he stills.

Laying in the grass unmoving is Danny. Six year old Danny. Dick’s Danny. Dick tears off after Damian, his muscles burning with tension in every step.

Dick scoops his unconscious son into his arms, immediately bringing his fingers to Danny’s neck. Yes, a pulse. A weak one, but that’s normal for his son. Dick looks up into the storming clouds where the two battle in the sky. An older Danny and Vlad.

What was going on???
Notes:

    This is my first real action scene I’ve ever written so hopefully it’s not too horrible. Honestly with this fic I think I am going to do an overhaul/rewrite when I’m finished, which should be in the next few chapters. This is my very first fic and I have a lot of ideas of how I could have paced things better or included things in different orders and just have a lot of different concepts for how it could be better. For those of you who have rewritten fics, do you leave the original up and just post a new one that’s the same title but says ‘rewrite’? Didn’t know if there’s a particular way to go about doing so. But don’t worry yall, I’m going to finish this before I go back and rewrite. Hopefully the ending isn’t too rough/unsatisfying! Though I suspect at this point I’m just getting too in my head/hard on myself. All that being said, any criticisms you’ve had for this fic so far? Things you’d want to see different or added? Things you really loved the most or were confused by? I would love to hear your thoughts to incorporate into the eventual rewrite I’m planning on.

Chapter 27: Back in Business
Summary:

    Some of Vlad's perspective leading into Danny and Vlad's fight, as well as the fight itself. Vlad and Danny POVs

Notes:

    Trigger warning for detailed description of vivisection

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 27: Back in Business

 

~~

Vlad Plasmius

~~

 

He had been tracking the boy when he found himself inexplicably portaled halfway across the country. He had been so close, had been in Gotham, the city where he was sure Daniel was. And the first time it happened weeks ago, it had been a surprise. A purplish pink ectoplasmic portal had swallowed him whole, spitting him out in San Francisco of all places. He took time flying himself back towards New Jersey, revenge still engulfing his mind.

And when he got close? It happened AGAIN.

It seemed some force in the universe wanted to delay his revenge. Or perhaps he had developed this ability himself and could not control it yet. Vlad was remembering more and more of his human life and he could remember the 20 long years in a hospital with his ecto acne, followed by a period of time with new powers he couldn’t quite control. Vlad wasn’t sure what to think. But weeks traveling the country over and over again did give him quite the time to think.

To think of the boy and of his life.

Now that Vlad was remembering more and more of his life, he wasn’t sure why he was still a dragon. His understanding of ghosts was that the form they took in death reflected their emotional state in life. But was that the emotional state at the time of their death, or an average of throughout their whole life? Either way, Vlad had spent most of his life bitter and vengeful. Of Jack, of ghosts, and then eventually of Daniel. Very little of his life had been spent with love and care, unrequited or not. Was this his punishment? Had he been a monster beneath his skin that entire time?

Vlad thought back to his childhood in Russia. So much reform was underway and there was jazz and rock and roll and the space race, but there were also food shortages and Vlad and his parents hadn’t been in luckier parties when it came to money. The whole country talked about how much better things were getting while in the meanwhile, Vlad and his parents were starving at the end of a bread line a mile long. And when he’d finally made it to the states for school in college? His best friend killed him (well, half killed him, his son would eventually finish the job) and he spent the next 20 years of his life prisoner in a hospital accruing ungodly amounts of medical debt and suffering within his own body.

Overshadowing was one of the first powers he learned mastery over. It wasn’t a pretty power and at first he hadn’t wanted to use it at all. But he had to get rid of his medical debt somehow. There was no way he was going to allow himself to be deported back to the country that had caused him suffering for his entire childhood. Too many bad memories. So he overshadowed medical staff, and when he learned how he could work the system to pay his medical debts under the radar, he did.

And when the opportunity presented itself to insert himself onto the medical board as a consult for people in long term hospital care? He had to take it. This would allow him to advocate for others who’d been in his position. It couldn’t be a bad thing to do, could it?

That position of advocacy turned to campaigning for higher positions of power within the hospital, and then the company that owned all the hospitals in the greater area, and in a short amount of time (perhaps suspiciously short in retrospect), he was CEO of a major international medical company. Looking back, Vlad’s not sure at what point his intentions transitioned from wanting to help others in his position to craving power and wealth so that he never had to be forced back to Russia. Perhaps he never had good intentions all along and it was a facade even to himself.

Vladimir Novikov was no more, and Vlad Masters was a permanent fixture in the business and political sphere. After his managing to land the mayoral position in Amity Park, he’d had ambitions for president next. There was nothing he couldn’t do.

Vlad would like to imagine that he had good intentions at the start of his journey, and that he was returning back to them. After meeting and getting to know Daniel, he’d decided to win the Mayoral position without any overshadowing or ghostly influence. And he’d won. He hadn’t overshadowed someone in years by the time of his death. And didn’t that have to count for something? When he and Daniel fought, he stopped insisting the boy renounce his father, instead treating it like sparring. He didn’t hurt the boy past bruises or scrapes and he rationalized the fights in his mind by the logic that they would help him grow stronger to be prepared for worse threats. When Vlad was a new ghost, he didn’t have anyone showing him the ropes or helping him get stronger. And Daniel seemed to fight much bigger ghostly threats than ever came knocking at Vlad’s door. The boy needed the practice and the help to be ready for everything in life that seemed to heap on his plate.

Frankly, Daniel reminded Vlad of a young version of himself which only made him grow fonder for the boy. It made things sting all the more that he wasn’t his own son. And every time Vlad saw Jack, his bumbling idiot best friend, neglect or even actively shoot at his boy? It only stirred his resentment and bitterness. But he’d been doing so good not acting on those emotions. Which was a feat. When he’d become a half ghost, it was much harder to reign in his emotions and not act on impulse. But the Vlad Masters he’d cultivated for himself was cool and collected, not rash and emotional. So he’d fought his urges.

But then the GIW had happened. They’d started out small. Vlad had awoken in the basement of some lab facility, strapped to a table with ecto-rope (™ to the Fentons, damnit) which nullified his powers and prevented him from transforming back to human. The ‘scientists’ (and how he abhorred their insistence to themselves that this was in the name of science) began by drawing his blood and running it through various machines: mass spectrometer, centrifuge, hematology analyzer, liquid scintillation counter, and ectoramifier. They cycled his blood through tubes and vials twisting and overlapping until a small collection of bits and bobs lit up green like a miniature amusement park powered by his life force. So much ectoplasm drawn from his body had left him feeling weak. And Vlad HATED feeling weak. It was too reminiscent of his hospital days.

But that was only a small inconvenience compared to day two. Day two was vivisection. They tried to anesthetize him so that he would remain still for their ministrations, not for his own comfort mind you, but no chemical cocktail they could produce could anesthetize him properly. So they’d half-assed it and proceeded anyway, tearing him open with a long Y shaped incision while he was fully conscious and only slightly groggy. Grogginess which was quickly and wildly overrun by panic and adrenaline (if his ghostly half could even produce the compound, but the panic running through his veins felt like adrenaline enough).

The vivisection played out like a god-honest actual autopsy. They’d stripped him of his clothes (which Vlad didn’t realize could be removed in his ghostly form, he’d always thought Plasmus’ attire was part of him in this form) and measured his body with tape at every juncture. They’d examined every orifice in a clinically detached manner, which was regardless mortifyingly embarrassing. They wrote and spoke of a lack of larvae in his orifices, which wasn’t that picture, just vomit-inducingly lovely. Vlad was a ghost, not a corpse! Vlad had tried telling them as such, screaming his head off the whole time that they knew not what they were doing. That Vlad was right here and he could tell them what they needed to know if they only asked him rather than stripped him. But clearly they didn’t trust his word. Which, fair- Vlad didn’t know an enormous amount about his own halfa anatomy and he wouldn’t have been at the forefront about what he did know anyway. Not with these lunatics.

Vlad had already felt thoroughly violated by the time they’d begun the actual incision. At this point, they’d gagged him, annoyed with his pleading and screaming as if his begging for mercy was a minor inconvenience and didn’t put an actual dent in their consciousness. Perhaps it didn’t. Vlad was a thing after all, not a person. Never a person with these people. His chest plate was pulled back and removed with a scalpel, exposing his heart and lungs. Nestled in the center of his chest was his core. This excited the GIW greatly. But they took their time, removing each and every organ and placing them in medical trays for testing and examination until all that remained in his cavernous body was his core. But he still breathed, still gasped around his gag. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see his lungs inflating and deflating in a tray. He wanted to be sick, but his stomach wasn’t attached to his throat. The sensation of dry heaving bile that wasn’t there was blood curdling, making him want to be sick all over again. But he couldn’t because he was broken into a thousand tiny pieces and the instincts his body was screaming at him weren’t possible.

They wrote and spoke of being unable to determine a cause of death from his ghostly form. If they would JUST ASK HIM HE COULD TELL THEM PLEASE. Vlad would tell them if it meant preventing this torture. His organs felt pierced by glass, poked and prodded in very sensitive areas and outside his body exposed to the air . Vlad hadn’t known what organs his body possessed in ghost form now but he was intimately aware now. And tear ducts were clearly amongst them. He hadn’t stopped crying for hours. When he’d dehydrated his body, ectoplasm had replaced the liquid, flowing in glowing green tracks down his cheeks. That had greatly influenced the ‘scientists’ and they’d eagerly written down their findings and collected tear samples to run through the amusement park of machines.

They’d approached his face and Vlad had tried to thrash and arch his body away from their prying hands, but they’d long severed the muscles and ligaments required to complete such an action. And upon discovering he was self healing, they’d taken to a schedule of regularly doing so so that he couldn’t heal his body enough to ruin their testing.

His body was ruined, and they did it all in the name of science and discovery. He was a thing, not a person after all. He’d often felt such when he’d been in the hospital for 20 years with ecto acne, but he knew that was a self projection onto hospital staff. They didn’t actually view him that way. But here and now? The GIW wholly believed it and there was no convincing them otherwise.

For several days, Vlad hoped that maybe somehow Daniel would rescue him. Surely he’d seen his capture? He’d been right there? But as time blurred and he wasn’t sure how much time passed, he became certain that the boy hadn’t seen his capture. Or perhaps didn’t care. 

Because that’s just how Vlad’s life went, wasn’t it? His country hadn’t cared when he was a starving child. His best friend didn’t care when he was in a hospital rotting away, had even been the one to kill him. His love hadn’t loved him in return and had gone on to marry his murderer even, just to stab him through the heart even further. Then, the one other halfa in existence hated him. Sure he had done plenty to deserve it, but he would have hated him anyway. It was easier to push people away than wait around for them to betray him eventually anyway. When he’d created the perfect progeny for himself? She’d betrayed him too. His literal own flesh and blood couldn’t stand him. So what if he’d tried to be better to Daniel in recent years? So what if he’d garnered somewhat of a truce, daresay even a fondness in the rapport between them since his attempted reform? It did not matter. Daniel had not come for him and clearly hated him once more. Or perhaps had never stopped hating him.

After who knows how long, Vlad finally allowed the cord tethering his consciousness to his environment to snap. His eyes grew glassy and his focus grew hazed. Sure, he could still feel it all- the poking and prodding. The re-fusing of his organs back into his body, which was just as painful as their removal. But he allowed his emotions to filter away like water escaping through open fingers. He couldn’t hold onto them anymore, it was too painful.

Scientists strung him up on a wall like a marionette or perhaps a pinned butterfly for some morbid bug collection. They tested the ways that gravity would affect the removal and re-fusing of organs to his body in this position as opposed to down on the table. They stretched out his body and his organs as far as they could without actually detaching them to see how far he could go. After all, if one laid out all the veins and vessels in a human body end to end, they would stretch 60,000 miles- 2.5-4 times around the globe in theory. What had once been a morbid fun fact in college stared him in the face tauntingly. Would they try it? How would one go about such a task? Vlad would stand in every time zone on earth simultaneously. Vlad morosely wondered if Clockwork- that time ghost- would take amusement in his suffering then. Though he hadn’t stepped in to prevent this so perhaps he was amused now. Or perhaps Vlad’s suffering was so insignificant that it didn’t garner the attention of an ancient.

Vlad had never been a religious man, but he found himself praying. Praying to the God of his parents or the Ancients of ghosts he’d met for release. But no one came. Not Daniel. Not a ghost. Not a deity. It was his fate to be forgotten to these madmen for eternity. They stretched him out like silly string, pinning thin vessels and nerve endings out like wings from his broken body. His body which constantly tried to heal itself around the openings, which was equally as agonizing. They would clip recording devices to him to measure god knows what. Vlad had stopped listening to them a long time ago, retreating to his hazy mind seeking some small modicum of escape.

And then the sensation of squishing . When the scientists unpinned him to conduct tests, it was with extreme care,  unpinning him one nail at a time, making measurements, and laying him down on a table reverently like a delicate petal. This unpinning was still one at a time, but the pause between was much shorter. Were they not taking notes this time? Then his organs were being haphazardly squished back into his body. He gasped deeply but tried to keep his consciousness from his body as much as possible. This was the past protection he had for himself. He shoved his consciousness down into his mind, playing keepaway like a game of ball. He could still feel everything but if he prevented himself from the emotional response to the pain then that was something, wasn’t it? Then he was being unpinned at the wrists. Wait he would fall-

He fell bodily into someone’s arms, lowered by his armpits unceremoniously. That HURT. STOP. His mind wanted to scream, but he was still winning that ball game of keep away with his soul and his body. He could distantly register that someone was talking. That someone had… used his name? His actual name?

But he wasn’t a person, it was a thing. A thing doesn’t have a proper name. Proper nouns were for conscious beings, silly, Vlad wanted to tell the voice. Perhaps madness was setting in? Vlad wasn’t sure if his thoughts were appropriate for the situation. And oh how Vlad hated not being all put together and prim and perfect. That was the identity he’d cultivated for himself in America. He didn’t like appearing unraveled. And apparently he could now say he didn’t like being unraveled now that he had the personal experience. Vlad wanted to laugh at himself for his musings. Oh he was funny now was he? Daniel would be proud. Wait, was that Daniel’s voice that he was hearing? Oh now really wasn’t a good time to go mad was it? 

“Vlad? Vlad! Can you hear me?” Like a key slotting into place, Vlad clicked. That was Daniel wasn’t it?

“Wha-” Vlad found his thoughts connecting with his mouth for the first time in who knew how long. Had it been years? Months? A week? Seconds? He couldn’t be certain. He turned his head to the side, scrunching his eyebrows. Every movement, even so miniscule, was radiating heat- pain turned thermal.

“Vlad c’mon, wakeup. We can’t stay here,” The voice said. Yes that was definitely his Daniel. But he wasn’t ‘his’ Daniel was he? Thoughts from earlier of self hate and doubt were rushing back now. Daniel had never loved Vlad. And while it was Vlad’s own fault, it didn’t change how it stung. The one being in the entire universe who could understand how he felt and he’d chased him away. Vlad always did that. Why did he always do that??? He didn’t want to be alone.

When Vlad tried to end that loneliness, it never went well. The friendships he’d made had killed him. Leaving the hospital had left him to discover his love and his murderer had married. Discovering another halfa only discovering that he was the son of those who’d hurt him the most. Trying to reform, to reach out to that other halfa anyway, only to be captured and brought there to that place .

Time and time again every attempt to end that loneliness that stalked him wherever he went ended in disaster. The temptation to try again was too sweet and he knew it would only bring him pain once more. If he couldn’t find success in ending his loneliness, he would make sure he would never have that temptation to try once more. Perhaps then he would finally be at peace. A war raged in his core, deep emotions he’d been tamping down were roaring to the surface. Pure unbridled rage was whitening over his vision, but before his eyes could cloud over in complete whiteness, he caught sight of a face.

At the feeling of rage pumping through him, of emotion engulfing his being once more after such a long detachment, he jerked to a sitting position, newly healing nerves rife with electricity. Ectoplasm flecked blood split from his lips with a coughing lilted breath. As his vision tightened in white nothingness of pure rage, the face found his sight.

Daniel.

Daniel, whom he’d tried to earn forgiveness. 

Daniel, whom had left him here with these wolves.

“ YOU !” Vlad could not remember the following events until he’d found himself in Gotham the first time.

Now in the present, Vlad spends his time replaying his memories in his tracking of the boy, his nemesis. His would have been should have been son. But perhaps…. Perhaps when he finds him they can do something besides fight for once. The time traveling has given him time to think. Time to calm down, even if only slightly. But in this new form, as a ghost, every small step of emotion feels steep and expansive. Every single increment of feeling is a starker contrast from the others. Ghosts are emotion personified, caricatures of living being’s souls given form. And now, Vlad can understand on a more personal level. When he’d become a halfa, he’d had to learn to stifle stronger mood swings. But now he is those mood swings. Controlling them doesn’t seem like an option. Vlad finally makes it to the edge of Gotham once more, only to be transported to a city that looks like it's somewhere nearby Metropolis. He’s been portaled in this area multiple times. But in the previous trips, he’d maintained invisibility and often intangibility when he’d needed to.

But now he’s tired of not existing . Constant invisibility and intangibility has left him feeling on a knife’s edge and the frustration in his soul burbles to the surface. Dropping his intangibility and invisibility, Vlad begins to tantrum, one could call it. If one could call a multi-story sized Dragon spitting a column of pink fire into the air and bodily slamming themselves up and down onto the ground a ‘tantrum’, which Vlad supposes one could. But he cannot help it. Is this purgatory? True purgatory? He has a clear goal: find the boy. His initial mission was to destroy him but now he is unsure. But still, his clear goal remains. What can occur after that is a later Vlad dilemma. But it won’t come to pass if he can’t get. To. Gotham. Vlad screeches at the sky, cursing whatever God or Ancient keeps portalling him back to square one. That must be what’s happening!

Vlad can distantly hear people below screaming in the city, but he is detaching like he did back at the lab. Then, he’d detached his mind from his body to shrink away from the pain. Now, his mind shies from his emotions to avoid a pain of a different sort. After all, he doesn’t truly have a body anymore. He’s only ectoplasm.

He’s a thing.

An it.

Not sentient.

Can’t feel pain.

The voices taunting his mind return and he cannot stop the anguish that follows them. He cries into the blue sky, whishing his new tail in a destructive arc. After what feels like hours but is probably mere moments, something solid blocks his tail’s path, grabbing onto his scaled form with a strong grip, halting him in place. Vlad whirls around with a murderous glare. He needs this. He needs to get this feeling out of his system- this frustration- this rage. If he can just get it out he might feel peace.

A floating bulk of a man in red and blue enters his vision. He’s holding Vlad’s tail tightly, stopping him in his tracks. The sensation of something against a leg has Vlad whipping his head downwards. A smaller version (perhaps a clone like Danielle?) grips one of his limbs. And yet a third buzzes around his massive head like a bee, flitting in and out assessing the situation without putting his hands on the creature that Vlad is now. The thing. The monster. Vlad doesn’t want people seeing him this way. He was already other before as a halfa. He’s entirely otherworldly now. And shame burns hot in the pit of his crystalline core.

A massive roar rips from his throat and he puts all his force into slamming down his foot that the clone clings to and lashing his tail in a forceful arc. Neither of the presumed heroes budge. Rage begins to white his vision as he loses control of his emotions once more. Rage burns hot in his core, so engulfing Vlad isn’t sure if he has any form anymore but that of a poisonous licking fire.

The next thing he knows, he’s crashing into the side of a gothic brick building. How long has he been locked in battle with these three? Wait, two? The smallest of the three- the bee- had left at some point. And several new figures have joined the fray: a man in all gray and black dressed like some sort of bat, a purple ninja, and a red and green child with a long bo staff. Vlad continues his struggle against them. He just needs to let his frustration out. He can’t get to Gotham. They won’t let him-

Wait… Vlad is in Gotham now??? He doesn’t know when he arrived but he hasn’t been portaled away. Even upon the realization, he’s still here. Vlad isn’t sure how he knows where he is, but like some odd homing beacon in his core, he is certain of his whereabouts. And- Vlad sniffs the air hollowly, that scent appearing from the center of his core in his chest rather than from a working nose- that’s Daniel. He is close. Out of his way! He wishes the heroes would leave him to his devices. This is none of their business! It is between Vlad and the boy. He slams a clawed hand down at the gray bat, who tucks and rolls to the side. Vlad battles the heroes, swatting and thrashing at them like they’re the annoying gnats they are. They keep throwing smoke bombs into his eyes, temporarily blinding him. Each cough is a painful reminder that he is a slave to his instincts, because he doesn’t actually inhale any smoke, but the instinct to cough and wheeze is ingrained into his soul. He’s only recently died, he’s more used to having these types of reactions than not. 

“Papa!” A somewhat familiar voice yells. But it’s so much smaller than he’s used to. That whitening rage vision recedes enough for Vlad to make out a small figure in the distance. He isn’t sure how that small child is Daniel, but his core thrums with certainty. Over these last few weeks, Vlad’s had time to think about what to do when he found Daniel. He’d considered talking peacefully (or as peacefully as Vlad thinks he can manage in this very emotionally driven state of being), but he’s so riled up with this fight with these heroes and he hasn’t been able to properly outlet the rage that’s been battering him, the frustration that’s been building up for weeks. The second he catches sight of that small Daniel in the distance, he snaps anew. The rage crowds his vision once more, but this time it’s pink and hot. Is it his flames? Vlad isn’t sure of much of anything besides the fury roiling in his core.

When his consciousness returns to the world somewhat once more, he’s locked with the Daniel he knows in a thunderous cloud. Electricity crackles chained in the cumulonimbi, waiting for the right amount of charge to build up in order to strike properly. Daniel- his nineteen year old Daniel- is in Phantom form, white hair glowing around his head like a pool of starlight beating against his cheekbones and the nape of his neck. The boy’s been saying something to him, yelling over the rumbling sky, but his ears hadn’t been listening until now.

“Vlad, please! Stop!” There is desperation in the boy’s voice now. How long have they been in battle? Vlad falters, hesitating. Daniel? He’d been trying to make amends with the boy. What was he doing? He was going to ruin all that’d he’d-

Daniel takes the moment to punch a fist down onto the dragon’s back, hitting a sensitive section of scales in what would have been the small of his back had he been a man. 

“AAAAGH!” Vlad grunts, not really in pain but in surprise. The action only reminds him that he cannot feel pain physically anymore, and the reminder of the loss of feeling is almost as painful in and of itself.

Vlad- no Plasmius turns upwards at Daniel- no Phantom, moving impossibly fast to position himself above the boy. He lets his weightlessness drop and plummets the boy downwards with a claw against his form, dropping them both to the ground with a crater-creating crash. Several humans run towards them from a half a mile away, having seen the impact. Plasmius holds Phantom down into the freshly exposed undernearth, willing his ghostly form to stay tangible by pressing his ectoplasm into Phantom’s own. It’s easier, Plasmius decides. This isn’t Daniel. Isn’t Danny. Isn’t little badger. This is Phantom, his murderer and he is Plasmius, a ghost and nothing more.

“WHY!” He finds himself bellowing, human words finally gracing his ghost throat once more. After a pause, Plasmius realizes Phantom cannot respond, pinned down to the ground beneath his claw as he is. But the realization doesn’t quell his urge to pummel the ghost into the ground further. Impatiently, Plasmius removes his foot with dramatic flair, stomping off to the side with the momentum.

“WHY!” He roars again, allowing pink flames to escape his throat in an explosive display.

Phantom groans in the ground, but still stands, brushing off the dirt from his black and silver hazmat suit.

Plasmius is splitting at the seams. A chunk of him wants to hear his halfa’s response, but the larger chunk just wants to beat him to a pulp to avenge his death. Before Phantom can reply, Plasmius launches at him through the air. This time, Phantom blocks the move, bracing his feet for impact as he shoves his outstretched arms against the bottom of one of Plasmius’ feet. The boy’s strength is considerable, but it always has been. Against any foe, even against Ancients.

Ectoplasmic blasts of neon green charge in Phantom’s gloved palms and sting against Plasmius’ claw. Plasmius strains his massive neck downwards to chomp Phantom in half, but he flies upwards past his maw as his teeth snap shut, barely missing. With a growl, Plasmius bats his enormous wings in a loud thwap, taking off to meet him. They’re in the sky once more. Phantom circles him wide, keeping his distance as he sends blasts towards his feet, tail, and shoulders. But pointedly not his head or his chest.

“What’s the matter, BOY ,” Vlad spits the last bit out with venom, and small tendrils of pink flames escape his lips when he does, “you killed me once. Are you not willing to do so again?” He lunges at Phantom, who dodges again. Vlad doesn’t fail to notice the tears flowing down Daniel’s face. 

“Vlad- I never wanted to, I’m so sorry that I- You were going to hurt my friends, I-” But Phantom cannot seem to find the words. Plasmius hesitates. This is the Daniel he knew- the semi-shy, good-hearted, well intentioned little badger with so much potential. And it makes it worse, because that boy- the one he had been trying to mend things with, is why he’s here like this. The anger in Vlad’s pit curdles slightly into something softer but just as sour. Vlad manages to land a claw across Phantom’s chest, who cries out at the impact. Green oozes from the large slice in a diagonal line across his torso. Vlad sends flames shooting from his throat towards Phantom. The halfa blocks it with an icy blast of his own, the heat and chill meeting in a sizzling cloud of vapor. The thunder rumbles around them and Phantom winces. That’s right, Daniel died in electricity… That softening spot in Vlad’s core winces in sympathy of his own. Daniel had killed Vlad, but he had experienced death too. He would not have done so lightly. In much the same manner that Vlad had never actually tried to kill Danny even back when they’d been full enemies. Had they ever been full enemies? Vlad can feel his rage deteriorating, the hard emotional shell around himself cracking in doubt.

Vlad manages to smack Daniel across the sky with a wing, sending him sprawling closer to the ground, only half on purpose this time. Daniel catches himself before hitting the earth fully. When he finally manages to stop his momentum in his fall, something small flies through the air, smacking Daniel across the forehead.

“OW,” He complains loudly, like the gash in his torso was insignificant in comparison. That boy never could get his priorities straight. Is that…. A fenton thermos? Where on earth had that come from?

Vlad lands himself below Daniel, his eyes losing their pink glowing hue. His core is shrinking, losing that angry edge that’s been fueling him on and off for weeks. 

“I… I saved you… And you…” Vlad dips his snout, eyes darting back and forth slightly in one set and in the opposite direction with the other set. He blinks them closed. 

“I know,” Daniel runs a hand on the back of his neck in a familiar nervous gesture. Vlad’s multiple sets of eyes don’t miss the tears leaking from th e boy’s face. He’s…. Crying? Vlad had expected to fight his former nemesis. To battle to the death. But he hadn’t expected an immediate apology? But that’s preposterous. This was Daniel. Of course he would immediately apologize, even if it hadn’t been his fault. Well, Vlad’s death had been his fault this time but Vlad knows he would have apologized even if it had not been. A small part of Vlad, the part that adores this child (for even at nineteen, Daniel is still a child to Vlad) winces at his obvious overwhelming guilt. Vlad had not meant to…. upset him so. Truly, Vlad isn’t sure what he meant to do at this moment. He is so confused and conflicted and he DIED. Vlad is allowed to grieve, to be angry, to want revenge.

“I…. I’m so sorry Vlad. I- I’m so sorry,” Daniel can’t seem to elaborate any more articulately, but Vlad finds his core dulling from a roar to a semi-contented buzz. He can sense the boy’s genuine remorse like a heartbeat in his own chest, which is a nostalgic feeling now that he doesn’t have a heartbeat of his own.

Vlad closes his eyes for the briefest of moments to revel in the sensation. And that’s the last thing he allows himself before Daniel sucks him into the thermos.

 

~~
Danny

~~

Several things became immediately apparent now that Danny has time to think . He was back. He was back and he was himself again. But… how? And he still remembers everything about his time in Gotham. The late night movie nights, his Papa comforting him from waking nightmares, the museum trip, his gleeful late night escapade of last night through the manor, and his melodious perch on the roof of the manor. It couldn’t have been more than two hours ago. The sun was just barely starting to break, lighting the scene in a faint glow. Oh how he had missed the stars…

But he hadn’t missed the stars, he’s been here the whole time? His memories of his time in Gotham are his, but they feel… borrowed. Seeing them now again, even as they fade into the dawn, it feels like the first time seeing them in a long while. Danny clutches the thermos to his chest. Vlad had seemed like he’d been winding down from his anger. He might have been able to reason with the man (now ghost, Danny corrects himself morosely), but Danny isn’t sure he had he time before-

Danny sways on his feet unsteadily, his vision going a slight shade of green. He clutches the thermos closer protectively as several figures run to where he stands. Oh wait- they’re friends. It’s the bats and supers. Maybe they can-

“Grandpa Broosh?” Danny slurs as he staggers forward a few steps. Green splatters his toes. Oh right, his chest. Was it bad he’d forgotten about that? White rings envelop his body (oh SHITpickle, with the gash on his chest that can’t be good) and leave him standing in front of them as Danny 1.0. Wait, was pre-halfa Danny Danny 1.0? Does that make him Danny 2.0? Or was his young self in Gotham Danny 2.0 and him Danny 3.0? Where did that leave Dani in this mess? Danny’s thoughts are devolving to mush and he can tell. Still, it’s better than the last time he devolved to actual mush because it had been much more literal that time.

As Danny strides forward to meet the oncoming crowd, pain takes over and he crumples to his knees in front of what he is pretty sure is Bruce, Dick, Damian, and three Supers. Four supers? One kinda looks like they’re duplicating, though that’s not a power Danny thought they had. Weird. And WHAT is that… himself in Dick’s arms? Counting up the tally that makes…. at least two people right? Awe shit, that ain’t right. Danny blacks out.
Notes:

    Mwuahahaha And so the climax of the story continues! This is my very first fic and my first time attempting to write action. I hope it was alright! I would love feedback on that account (or any accounts, feedback is always welcome!). I have also discovered I am unable to type the word ‘insert’ without immediately mentally following it with ‘Inserts himself? Inserts himself where?” ah bridgerton you’ve ruined me lol. The story is starting to wrap up and the last of the explanations to be had on the whole scenario are coming. Well, coming after they address Danny’s massive bloodloss. That kinda puts a damper on things. Danny’s use of ‘Shitpickle’ I like to imagine as him and his friends originally making fun of Vlad cursing in foods (ex awe butterbiscuits) and they started mashing together expletives and food and its a running inside joke with his Amity Gang. There wasn’t really a way to explain that origin of it, so I wanted to add it here in the notes for your enjoyment. Also- thoughts? Theories? Input? Any last requests for things you’d like to see in this fic as I finish writing it? Love you as always, Sweet Finches

Chapter 28: Two Paths Converging
Summary:

    The bats work to heal the Dannys post fight and post split and Team Phantom discovers Constantine's located the Ghost King. Damian and Sam POVs

Chapter Text

Chapter 28: Two Paths Converging

 

~~

Damian

~~

“How is he doing?” Spoiler asks, pacing back and forth in uniform. The assorted batclan stands outside an operating room in the medbay of the batcave while Alfred assists Dr. Thompkins Thompkins in patching up a very serious wound on an adult Danny. Which isn’t that a weird experience? Damian is used to being the older of the two. Would their whole dynamic change? Damian isn’t sure how he feels about that particular development. He supposes they knew Danny had been deaged but Damian hadn’t expected the reversal of whatever process that was so soon and without answers. He had thought they would need to wrangle Constantine into helping. Batman had patched up Spoiler’s arm himself. They suspected she had a light concussion from her throw, but nothing particularly serious. Dr. Thompkins could check her out once they were finished sewing up Danny. 

But not Danny Danny- their Danny. Adult Danny. Because that was the peculiar thing. If Danny had simply been deaged, wouldn’t he not have left behind his child self in his wake? Damian looks to the other side of the room where Dick holds their usual six-year-old Danny, who cuddles close to his father’s chest, snoring lightly. He had no signs of any injury- was just asleep, but he hadn’t yet woken up. Perhaps the adult Danny was a duplicate? Is that an ability he possesses? Child Danny’s core purrs lightly in contentment and Dick holds him closer while staring forward at the operating door with slightly narrowed eyes in suspicion. Damian can’t help but agree with the caution. They know Danny but they don’t know this adult version. Skepticism is reasonable and healthy in this case and Damian is so glad that he isn’t the only one on that train. Father and Drake seem similarly up in arms on the other end of the cave hovering over the strange device that adult Danny had seemingly produced from nowhere to suck the ghost into.

Drake is examining the device as thoroughly as he can without accidentally deactivating it or releasing its contents.

“It looks like a…. Soup thermos,” Drake says with incredulity.

“Hn,” Batman grunts in agreement. Drake rotates the thermos in a 180, seeking signs of anything more to ascertain without pulling it apart entirely.

“Hopefully Daniel will have answers for us upon his waking.”

“What- back to Daniel? I thought you’d finally started calling him Danny?” Spoiler asks.

“I am referring to the older of the two. We have to distinguish them somehow. Daniel seems appropriate,” Damian suggests.

“Fine: Danny for our nephew and Daniel for… that guy,” Spoiler says, indicating the operating room door. Which, like magic, opens at the precise moment she points at it. Spoiler looks at her pointed finger for a split second with slightly widened eyes as if she actually did possess telekinetic powers. Damian rolls his eyes. 

Dr. Leslie Thompkins removes herself from the doorway, removing a mask and gloves. “He’s stable,” she concludes, stepping to face Father, “His wound was relatively deep, but miraculously did not puncture any vital organs. It is as if it pierced the skin and muscle tissue but went through any major organs with intangibility. Either that, or the boy possesses a healing factor that has started from the inside out and hasn’t made it to his fascia yet, just his organs. Regardless, I do believe he will survive perfectly well, though you’ll probably want to station someone with him so he doesn’t try to move when he wakes up. If he moves too soon- either before his healing factor catches up or before he heals it in normal time- he will likely cause a lot of further damage and personally I’d prefer not to sew him up a second time.”

Bruce nods solemnly. That must be why Pennyworth remained inside- to observe and supervise Daniel.

“Dr. Thompkins,” Damian addresses, “What about Danny?” Damian tilts his head to the side to gesture at Dick with Danny in his arms. Dr. Thompkins smiles softly, crossing the room over to the pair.

Dick uncurls slightly, giving the doctor access to his son. She gently takes his heart rate and counts his respiratory rate, tracking the time on a wrist watch. She tilts the boy’s head backwards and lifts his eyelids to check his eyes. At this, Danny grumbles grumpily and softly, lazily batting her hands away with chubby little wrists. He turns back inwards to his father, burying his head in his chest. Dr. Thompkins and Dick chuckle softly at his antics. It appears he is simply sleepy. Dr.Thompkins crosses the room to grab a device from her bag.

After Dick has managed to coax Danny into a sitting position on a nearby chair, he leans down to whisper instructions to him.

“Hey Turtledove,” His voice is so soft and soothing. Damian mournfully wonders if anyone in his life has ever talked to him in such a tone, “can you sit up straight and hold your breath for a couple of seconds?”

“Mmmmnoooo,” Danny whines pitifully, puddling to the base of the chair and curling around himself. It appears he plans to nap right there on the spot. Dick smiles once more, amused by his antics instead of exasperated. 

“C’mon little Wing. Just for a few seconds then you can go back to sleep. I’ll even get Penguin for you,” Dick coaxes. He looks to Spoiler, who retreats wordlessly, presumably to fetch the stuffed poodle for him.

This seems to be enough bribery for Danny, who sits up in the chair slowly and takes a deep breath. He holds it in bubbled cheeks for dramatic flair with a cross expression taking his eyes and brows. Dr. Thompkins takes the moment to hold the handheld x-ray device over his upper torso, pressing a few buttons and holding it very still for imaging. True to his word, when they’re done, Dick scoops the child up, allowing him to push his face into the space between Dick’s shoulder and neck. Danny releases his held cheeks, blowing into Dick’s shirt with a muffled raspberry. Spoiler laughs, having returned swiftly with Penguin.

“Here you are cutie,” She cooes, wrapping Danny’s sleepy fist around the toy’s paw. Danny latches on, but also grabs two of Spoiler’s fingers in the process.

“Welp I guess I’m stuck here now for eternity. Hi Dick, this is going to be weird when you have to go to the bathroom. At least the view is nice back here,” Spoiler says, no doubt alluding to Dick’s buttocks. Damian sneers. How tasteless. Dick, however beams.

“I do have a nice ass,” He winks jokingly.

“Ew you’re basically siblings,” Drake complains from his station over the device.

“And my siblings are allowed to know I have a nice ass. It isn’t a secret,” Dick fake pouts.

“It’s no secret,” Spoiler fake pouts as well, but can’t stop smiling chaotically.

“Ummm. Ass,” Danny mumbles with closed eyes from his perch across Dick’s shoulder, who startles into a panic jolting upright.

“Shit- Oh fuck I mean- AH” Spoiler cries, letting go of Danny’s hand. Father smiles slightly, amused at his children’s antics. Really, he shouldn’t encourage them. At least not in Damian’s opinion.

“You must learn to watch your mouth, Spoiler. Danny is young and impressionable.”

“Aren’t you supposed to be young and impressionable too, Demonbrat?”

“Tch. I am beyond my years,” Damian scoffs.

“But apparently not above them,” Drake dares to comment on Damian’s short stature. Drake, the shortest of almost all the bats. And without the excuse of age like Damian. Damian launches himself at his brother, temper untethered. His Father pulls him off of the teen, holding him back until he stops wriggling forward to attack.

“Demonbrat,” Drake scoffs in his direction, standing and patting out the wrinkles in his Red Robin uniform. Damian sticks his tongue out at him, surprising himself with the immature gesture. Drake snorts, earning Damian a small feeling in his chest of contentment. Is this what it was to feel like to view them as siblings? To bicker and jest with one another? It feels…nice. Damian may just have to start calling Drake ‘Tim’. No, that’s blasphemy, he decides. 

Breaking them from their thoughts, Alfred can be heard from the other room. 

“Now Master Daniel, I don’t think that-”

“Mm have to gethhome!” Daniel slurs loudly, clearly not within his full faculties yet. Damian crosses through the door to find a half delirious Daniel pushing against Alfred, who is holding him to the bed with two hands to his shoulders. 

“Some assistance Master Damian?” Alfred pleas. Damian crosses, placing his own hands against the struggling shoulders of Daniel. He is tall and lithe, but built. More of a track runner’s build than a gymnast like Dick. A thin greenish tint of sweat shines on his brow and his bangs are semi-glued to his forehead with the effort. 

“I didn’t expect him to wake for at least another hour damnit!” Dr. Thompkins curses in a rush to the iv drip setup at the side of the table, presumably to administer another round of sedative. Daniel seems to notice in his haze that he has an IV in his hand and his eyes widen slightly.  

“Mmfine you dent harve to worry. Jsss lemme go hommme,” he manages to say, clearly trying to reach for his IV to remove it. Before he can, Damian grabs his opposite wrist, pinning it to the bed. It’s too easy; Daniel doesn’t have the strength to oppose very much. 

Most of the rest of the bats have entered the room as well at this point. Daniel looks over Damian’s shoulder and squints his eyes as Dr. Thompkins successfully administers whatever dose she deems necessary for the situation. Damian chances a glance over his shoulders. Ah Daniel’s taken sight of his sleeping… self… in Dick’s arms. Dick looks on with all suspicion abandoned with concern. 

“Wzzi ever that’s small?” Daniel manages before losing consciousness once more. When Damian and Alfred are certain they’re in the clean, they release Daniel’s shoulders and arms with a sigh. 

Dr. Thompkins takes the opportunity to lift the x-ray device above Danny’s chest. He doesn’t hold his breath, which won’t elicit the clearest image, but it’s better than nothing at this juncture. 

She mumbles something and crosses to Bruce, clearly comparing two images side by side on the screen. 

“They’ve got two different cores,” she indicates on the screen. Damian crosses the room to look over at the screen himself. Much to his dismay, he has to strain on slightly tipped toes to view. True to her word, one image is a smaller chest with a core not unlike the imaging they took several weeks ago. A small ball of light nestles in the center with lines like strings wobbling in and out around the center. A small section at the bottom is slightly darker than the rest, albeit not as much as a few weeks ago. The image on the right is blurrier, but shows a smoother orb of light with less breakaways, and without any bruising that Damian can tell. 

“If the cores are so different, is it not a duplicate?” Batman inquires. 

“Without more knowledge about ghosts there’s truly no way to know, I’m afraid. With such different physical appearances I would wager not but who am I to say. I’m flying by the seat of my pants here, Bruce,” Dr. Thompkins sighs, clearly exasperated. Damian can understand the feeling. 

And then as if by magic (perhaps literally by magic), Constantine materializes in the room right when they need answers. Damian knows they’ve been trying to get a hold of the man for weeks. He’s been expecting the Brit eventually, but he did not expect who he brought with him. 

 

~~

Sam

~~

 

In the months since Danny’s disappearance from the Far Frozen, Sam and Tucker have been butting heads more and more. It shouldn’t come as a surprise, between the frustration of no clues as to Danny’s whereabouts and missing their buffer. Danny’s always acted as a bridge between the two friends in their “debates” as Sam likes to call them and “fights” as Tucker does. 

“We already looked in proximal Ancient Greece. Why would he be there? And Pandora would have let us know if he’d been spotted anywhere near the Acropolis,” Sam rehashes, for what seems like the eighth time. Her patience has always been a short fuse, and Tucker’s really pushing his luck today. 

“But it’s been a few weeks since we checked there and it’s so big it would be easy for him to hide-”

“But WHY would he be hiding!” Sam paces the floor of the Spectre speeder while fiddling absentmindedly with a Fenton Thermos while Jazz drives. Frostbite sits crissed-crossed in the corner in order to fit inside the vessel. He’s joined them on many of their trips in their search. If they find Danny and he’s in medical danger, Frostbite would like to be there to help. And it assuages the Yeti’s guilt a bit to feel helpful. Danny did technically go missing on his watch, even if none of Team Phantom blamed him in the slightest. Danny was always having weird shit happen. He was a weird shit magnet. It was hardly Frostbite’s fault. 

Sam pinches the bridge of her nose, not wanting to hash over their fight of where to search anymore. She is beginning to despair that Danny simply dissolved in that vat of ice-ecto and that there’s no Danny to find, even if Frostbite assures her that wasn’t the case. There apparently would have been signs of that had it been true. But Sam can’t banish the thought of Danny dissolving in that vat like he had in her lap. 

Frostbite is sweet to blame himself, if unhelpfully so, but Sam knows in her gut this is all her fault, really. She’s the one that insisted they search for Vlad at the GIW base. She’s the one that encouraged Danny to be a hero. She’s the one that asked him inside the portal for her stupid photography. And it hurts all the more because Sam and Danny have talked about her guilt about his half death. Sam knows Danny doesn’t blame her. But it doesn’t stop the guilt that plagues her anyway. All she wants is Danny back by her side, so she can vent to him about it again.

He would remind her not to worry- he isn’t mad. Her boyfriend would hug her from behind, his head nestled in her shoulder, kissing her cheek, telling her that it’s okay as he presses up around her like a blanket. Except he isn’t here. And he may not come back. Familiar tears burn in the back of Sam’s eyes. It’s been months. It’s been entirely too long. It takes a moment to realize Tucker’s been trying to get her attention for a while, no doubt suggesting one of the same eight thousand places they’ve already checked again and again. Sam’s attention snaps back and she whips to Tucker again.

“It’s pointless ,” she cries, chucking the Fenton Thermos at Tucker’s head. To her shock, a small whirling purple portal opens midair in the path of the device and it sails through before the portal zips to a close once more. Sam, abandoning her annoyance with her best friend, meets his equally shocked eyes.

Clockwork . 

“Was that just a portal from-” Sam just nods silently in confirmation. Frostbite is equally intrigued. He’s never met the ancient of time- very few ghosts truly have, but he has heard many fond tails from his grandson. From Danny. 

Almost immediately when it had been discovered that Danny went missing, they’d tried to find Longnow and Clockwork. But the Ancient was notoriously impossible to locate, his lair constantly shifting even more than other locations in the infinite realms. Not even the infimap in Frostbite’s possession could reliably guide you there before the tower had moved again. Danny had found Longnow with it before, but in retrospect Sam is pretty sure that it was Clockwork willingly allowing him to find it. Why Clockwork had taken Danny in as a pseudo grandson, Sam wasn’t entirely sure, but she knew CW made Danny really happy and that was good enough for her. Danny had gushed about late nights spent learning about the timestream and a particularly exciting evening when Clockwork had taken him under his cloak and they’d watched the birth and death of various stars in the solar system in his magical mirrors. Danny had almost not been able to tear himself away from the view at the end of the night. Sam had laughed- yeah that sounded like her Danny. When he was passionate about something, he was enamored. It wasn’t the same burning loud passion for something like Sam had with her activism, but a softer gentler obsession. And it was beautiful. Danny’s passion for life and the mysteries of the universe was one of the things she loved the most about him. Loves still, assuming there’s still a Danny out there to return.

“Guys what was that I can’t see over here. Driving?” Jazz intones from the front.

“I do believe that was our first sign of The Ghost of Time since this whole ordeal began, Jasmine. When Kronos involves himself in the fates of us lesser beings, fate is indeed about to play out as it has been destined,” Frostbite answers a bit too cryptically for Sam’s tastes.

Before any of them have a chance to remark on that, none other than John Constantine appears in front of the specter speeder from a yellow portal sigil. Jazz slams the breaks, sending Sam careening forward, stumbling to stop herself from tumbling to the floor.

“Hey, watch it!”

“Sorry!”

“OY! I found ‘im!” The Brit cries in triumph, “Bugger’s back in Gotham if you’d believe it. My Gotham- the one in my own damn dimension.” Something in Sam bubbles with fury. He was in Constantine’s own dimension the whole time???? What good was him joining the search for all this time if he hadn’t thought to search his own home dimension??? Constantine and some members of what was called the ‘justice league dark’ had joined in the covert search for the missing Ghost King. Apparently JLD had connections with quite a few of Danny’s council, and they’d been tasked with expanding their search into adjacent dimensions and universes to their own. Sam had been sure Danny couldn’t have gone that far, but as time had passed, it seemed more and more likely Danny’s wasn’t even in the same dimension. So now, it’s simultaneously an outrage and also not even a surprise to hear Danny was indeed in another dimension. It makes sense why he hadn’t made his way back on his own. He’d barely started to conquer portal creation at all let alone portals between dimensions.

But just as fast as Sam’s outrage that Constantine hadn’t found him sooner comes, a feeling of excitement boils over top. They’d found him! They were going to bring Danny home.
Chapter 29: Answers
Summary:

    The Batfam gets answers about what's been going on with Danny's core and why there's two of him now. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 29: Answers

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

  Danny sits in his Papa’s lap, sleepy and drifting but still catching the conversion, simply too tired to care or join in. His core feels… weird. Lighter somehow than it has in weeks. He’s deeply tired but his chest feels less…. Stumbly. Danny isn’t sure he knows how to describe the feeling or lackthereof.

“Without more knowledge about ghosts there’s truly no way to know, I’m afraid. With such different physical appearances I would wager not but who am I to say. I’m flying by the seat of my pants here, Bruce,” Dr. Thompkins says something about cores or something. Danny can’t make himself care. His Papa’s embrace is so warm and Danny finds himself melting into his shoulder, trying to ignore all the noise and take a little cat nap. The back of the room over Papa’s shoulder is illuminated in yellow light that flashes and recedes as quickly as… well as quickly as Danny’s transformation rings typically do. But that doesn’t make any sense. There aren’t any other Halfas here… right?

Danny sleepily twists in his Papa’s arms, rubbing at the corners of his eyes with receding bleariness. Across the room stand a guy in a trench coat, three teens (or maybe young adults? Sometimes it’s hard to tell at Danny’s age when he’s so small in comparison), and…. A yeti? OH! It’s Frostbite and his friends!!! (Well minus the trench coat guy. Danny doesn’t think he’s ever seen him before).

Danny Squirms in his Papa’s arms, wanting to run to greet his friends. When his Papa’s grip doesn’t relent, Danny impatiently lets his white rings sweep over him. Then, he bounds straight for them and jumps high into Jazz’s arms. 

“DANNY!” Jazz cries, tears immediately welled in the corners of her lashes. Danny can feel his team’s auras flare in recognition, delight, and confusion all in one muddled happy mess. Yep, that’s the team he knows and loves: flying by the seat of their pants but somehow thriving all the same anyway. Danny barks a little yip in joy, fluffing up his wings behind his back.

“Danny, we have missed you so much man! Are you okay???” Tucker joins their little hug, partially squishing the Uilnow. Danny nods enthusiastically, letting the white rings wash over him again. He doesn’t feel as tired transforming as he has lately. In fact, the sensation energizes him like a little cup of coffee. Danny turns his now human child face to Sam, who smiles small and sad. Sad? Danny sends his core out to meet her aura. She’s… happy, but still sad? Is she not happy to see Danny? Does she… oh. Danny is 6. He is meant to be Sam’s boyfriend, but he can’t be this way. Will… will Sam not want to be his friend if they can’t be a couple? Danny’s heart wrenches with worry. Obviously he doesn’t want to date Sam now that he’s so young… but she does still mean a lot to him. Can… can they not still be friends? Danny’s brows crease in worry, and Sam seems to notice.

“Oh hush Danny, it’s alright,” Sam coos, taking Danny from Jazz’s arms and hugging him to her chest, “I’m just surprised to see you so small. I’d kinda nice to see you as a little kid, I didn’t get to meet you until the end of middle school. Though you can’t blame me if I’m a bit disappointed you’re not the same Danny I knew. Still, it would be fun to get to know you all over again, huh squirt?” But Danny can still feel Sam’s aura is very sad. Is she holding back tears? With that, Sam pulls Danny away from her torso and ruffles his hair, sending him into little giggles. He’s suddenly quite embarrassed for his friends to see him so small and so childlike. He wiggles to the ground and runs behind his Papa’s legs, pulling his shirt up over his eyes and majority of his face.

“Awe no you haven’t shirt turtled in months Danny!” Tim coos.

“That’s my shy little sugar,” Steph adds.

“And ugh… who are you people?” asks Tucker.

“They are… Daniel’s fraid it seems,” Frostbite answers to the surprise of everyone in the room. Sam, Tucker, and Jazz’s heads all whip to him at the speed of light.

“But we’re Danny’s fraid!” Tucker cries, eyes darting back to Danny, who had just been peeking out of his shirt, only to retreat into it once more. His slightly pointed ears still stick up and out and the redness on them is visible to anyone in the room.

“I do not know what to tell you, my dear. I did warn you Daniel may undergo some personality changes after his treatment. He has been missing for many months. It would not be healthy for a young ghost to be without a fraid for so long. It is natural for him to forge new bonds. But still… I do not…” Danny doesn’t think he’s ever seen Frostbite stammer before, “I do not sense his core the same way I usually do.” Team phantom quiets at that, concern overtaking their auras in a roiling mess of purple.

“You… know much about cores, I take it?” Dr. Leslie asks, stepping forward with her tablet, “Might you be able to tell me about this?” She steps forward, hesitantly showing the giant yeti the screen and scrolling through multiple pictures.

“This was Danny’s core when I first scanned him months ago, and this is his core now. And this-”

Frostbite takes the tablet in his own claws quickly, gently holding it as not to crush it in his massive hands. He looks down at the tablet with interest and back up at Danny with rapt attention, a look in his eyes like he’s looking at an entirely new person he’s never met before. Danny wilts beneath his gaze, allowing his transformation to take him and hiding his eyes behind his giant fluffy tail. Papa leans down and picks him up, allowing him to settle in his arms like a cat. Danny hums halfheartedly in thanks at the gesture of comfort.

“Daniel, you have… undergone mitosis. I have not seen this in quite a long long time.”

“That is what I had wondered…” Dr. Leslie trails off, raising her eyebrows at Frostbite in question.

“Frostbite.”

“At thank you. That is what I had wondered, Mr. Frostbite. What does this mean? I’ve been trying to help Danny with his core but I am playing by guesswork here.” At his name, several of Danny’s family stiffen in response, looking at the yeti with surprise and perhaps scrutiny? Danny isn’t sure why. Oh, is it because he asked what Frostbite was that night months ago when he first came to the manor? He couldn’t remember who he was back then or even that he was a person and not the medical condition of the same name. Danny remembers a lot more now, even if much of it is in bits and pieces or kinda fuzzy.

Frostbite looks back down to the tablet, pointing at sections while he speaks to Dr. Leslie and Bruce, who has sidled over to look down at the device with a determined and serious expression on his face.

“In his first image you took, you can see an aurora concentration in the lower hemisphere. I am actually Daniel’s doctor and have seen his core many times, though this image device you’ve used is quite different from what I’m used to. Regardless, Daniel’s core is of the ice variety but he has a space obsession. One of the ways it manifests is with the light of the aurora borealis, a light system well known and common in my homeland of the Far Frozen, where ice core ghosts typically reside. Daniel is a… special case,”

“What is a core anyway? And obsessions?” Tim inquires, always eager to learn on a new topic.

“Cores are a ghost’s center of course. Or denizens of the infinite realms. Not all of us prefer to use that term, though my people generally do, as does Daniel. They function as the physical manifestation of one’s soul, and as such, they act as a brain, heart, filter, and nervous system all in one. Think of them as the only organ a ghost would ever need, though many ghosts will still manifest other organs depending on their perception of self. A ghost’s form is highly variable based on self perception and emotion. With enough time and practice, one can shift forms with ease,” Frostbite says this last bit having shapeshifted in a cloud of bluish mist so that he appears more bearlike, like a polar bear. Just as quickly, he shifts back into a yeti, which Danny knows to be his preferred form. The people of the Far Frozen don’t like to shift their forms too much. It’s a cultural thing.

“But young ghosts take time to develop this skill, and Daniel as a halfa… we were unsure if he would manifest it at all given his halfa status. Not much is known of his or his brethren’s physiology as they still possess corporeal bodies.”

“A halfa?” Steph asks.

“The term coined for his species, a half ghost half mortal. In Daniel’s case, half human. He has a core like a ghost, but he has a human form as well where his core remains semi-dormant. But the last time we saw him, his core and his physical form had been greatly damaged. He was in my care to recover-” Frostbite says this last part with a pained look at Danny, as if trying to communicate his great sorrow with a look. Danny doesn’t need it- he can feel it in Frostbite’s core how sorry he is. With a tug at his core that’s more instinctual than purposeful, Danny sends, “ thank you for sorry. It’s okay. No need be sorry” in simple terms. Frostbite’s eyebrows raise.

“Daniel, you’ve discovered corespeak?” Oh, was…. Was that not something Danny could do before? When he was older?

“Corespeak?” Tim asks.

“Ah, sorry young one. I forget myself in my explanations. Corespeak is communication directly between ghosts’ cores. Daniel has just told me I need not be apologetic for losing him when he was in my care. Thank you for that Daniel, though I will likely still feel guilt over the matter for quite some time. Though it is nice to see you… well.” Frostbite’s hesitation isn’t missed by the bats and they stiffen in concern once more. The feeling is a bit overwhelming to Danny. The emotions flood at him all at once. It’s exhausting to be in a room with this many people with so many different heightened emotions. Danny curls closer into his Papa’s arms, burying his face in his chest.

“Young Daniel did not have corespeak the last time we met. We had hypothesized this was due to his halfa status, as even the youngest ghosts can corespeak. It is part of the reason so many ghosts attacked him when he first formed. They could sense his core was different and he was unable to directly communicate to them with his core. Brawling is a cultural normalcy in the infinite realms, you see. Fighting is often a way to forge friendships and to let off steam, so to speak. But Daniel was unable to tell his ghost compatriots that he did not wish to fight, or that he at least did not want to do so in his haunt. It took a few years for that message to be relayed in a way that ghosts actually understood, rather than believing it to be verbal jesting on Daniel’s behalf.”

Danny’s family seems to take in the influx of information and keep looking back at him. Even with his face buried, he can feel their attention pinning him in place. Stop looking at me so much , he wants to say, but in Uilnow form he cannot seem to and he doesn’t want to shift back. Danny ruffles his feathers slightly at his back in a nervous way.

“Ah, you may want to stop looking at him so much. He feels rather shy, it seems.” Woah, was Frostbite a mindreader? Or oh did Danny send that to him with corespeak?

Frostbite chuckles, deep and low and melodious. The sound is so familiar and soothing Danny cannot help his core burbling in delight at the sound, “Yes, Great One. You sent that to me with corespeak. For young ghosts like yourself it can take time to stop blasting one’s thoughts and emotions out for all to hear.” Ugh it’s so nice to be seen so strongly without having to say a word. Danny purs contentedly. His Papa smooths a hand over his head and the back of his ears, gingerly avoiding his lichtenberg scar on the back of one ear. Thank you, Danny sends, though he isn’t sure his Papa can corespeak without a core. Still, the sentiment stands.

“And obsessions? You said Danny’s love of space affects his core?” Tim refocuses.

“Ah yes, do you have somewhere we might sit? I would love to explain much but there is much to explain.” In not much time, Stephanie and Damian have split off with Alfred to the room with his sleeping older self, presumably to keep an eye on him, and the rest of them (Jazz, Tucker, Sam, Frostbite, Bruce, Papa, and Tim) take to an area in the cave with a menagerie of chairs around a large round table. Did team phantom know about older Danny? Danny isn’t quite sure what’s going on or why there’s two of himself. Maybe he remembered how to make duplicates? But the other Danny doesn’t feel like a duplicate. From what he remembers of the ability, he could feel his duplicates at all times. But… he can’t really sense other Danny besides feeling that he has a core. But that feels the same as with Frostbite’s core?

“But ask you were inquiring young red one: Obsessions. Danny doesn’t simply love space, it is one of his Obsessions. Obsessions are driving forces of a ghost’s existence. Part of their reason for existing. Ghosts who were once living usually have one primary Obsession which was the reason their soul formed as a ghost instead of passing on entirely. I will not discuss Daniel’s primary Obsession, as that is highly personal and rude to do so, but it seems Danny has already shared with you his Obsession for the stars. This one isn’t his primary, but carried over from his life before he became a halfa. He is enraptured with space and stars. If he does not fuel this Obsession in some form or another, it isn’t healthy for his core. Luckily, it is quite easy for him to do so, as he hails from a dimension which has explored space a fair bit and has much media surrounding it. And it seems your dimension is much the same. Even stargazing is often enough to sate young Daniel’s space Obsession. It is much like stretching or using a muscle. Allowing an Obsession to atrophy is not healthy for a ghost’s core.”

“I see,” Bruce intones with a thoughtful expression. Papa’s aura flares with relief and he loosens a breath Danny hadn’t noticed he’d been holding. Oh is that because he’d gotten Danny his star blanket and sticker stars for his room? Yeah Papa, that did make my core feel happy. Danny’s core sends, still pretty sure his coreless Papa won’t be able to receive the message directly.

“It seems you’ve done well in sating this need. No use worrying, Daniel’s Papa.” With this, Sam, Tucker, and Jazz’s gaze’s whip to Danny. Oh, they hadn’t realized Dick was Danny’s Papa. Danny shifts uncomfortably, looking to Jazz. He hopes she isn’t mad he has a new dad. But they simply seem surprised. Danny can’t sense any anger in their cores. He tucks his tail a bit in anxiety anyways. Danny didn’t mean to abandon his parents. He hadn’t remembered them. He still mostly doesn’t. But he remembers that Jazz is his sister and that they shared the same parents. Danny doesn’t want Jazz to feel like he’s left her behind too. Danny forces himself to stand off of his Papa’s chest and dart out of his embrace. He beelines for Jazz across the table and crashes into her arms, burying his snout in the space between her neck and shoulder. He unfurls his wings slightly to wrap around her torso in a rough gesture of a hug. She softens, hugging him in return. Tears prick at the corners of her eyes.

“I’m glad you’ve gotten to see the stars, Danny. Oh I’ve missed you so much,” a tear or two fall onto Danny’s back on his shoulder blades between his wings. It’s cold and Danny stifles a flinch at the sensation.

“But back to the matter at hand,” Frostbite continues, gesturing to Dr. Leslie for the tablet once more,” “The auroras of Daniel’s core here are bruised. This is much like what I’d seen myself when he was in my medical care. His sense of self was greatly damaged in the fight that led to his injury. I shall not speak on the specifics as I do not want to upset our young friend here. Reliving the experience is not healthy for his core’s continued healing and development.” Danny’s new family takes this information in stride. He can tell they desperately want to know more, but understand not to push the issue. At the allusion to his fight with Vlad, Danny pushes himself further into Jazz, who hugs him tightly and more protectively.

“I was anticipating this to heal back in the Far Frozen within a relatively short period of time, with the help of ice ectoplasm, a substance regularly used to heal my people- and those with ice cores like young Daniel. However, it seems he no longer hosts an ice core. In these scans, you can see his core undergoing a process known as mitosis which-”

“We know what mitosis is,” Tim interrupts.

“Well, that is helpful then. It seems in his injured state, that Daniel’s core took in ectoplasm of a different sort, which I had not detected in my own scans. This can do odd things to a healing core. It had to have been a very powerful ectoplasm to have caused such a shift. In this scan,” Frostbite indicates an image with his claw, “you can see a second smaller core appearing to emerge from the first. But it is not a new core at all. The second core is more akin to what Daniel’s looked like before his injury. It is as if his core created a protective layer around itself, one that hosted it while it healed. But upon its re-emergence, the protective layer has filled in and taken shape of its own, creating two separate and complete cores. Daniel, I do not sense two cores within you now. Do you perhaps have a second self around somewhere?” Wow, Frostbite was good. Danny’s family hadn’t even told him about older Danny. Danny can feel his family stiffen in surprise. Danny nods in confirmation, gaze drifting across the cave to the medbay door where he knows his older self resides.

“I suspected as much. This isn’t a common occurrence, but you’ve actually come across core mitosis before. Do you remember Johnny and Shadow? They were originally one ghost, but Johnny went through his own mitosis and split into himself and Shadow quite some time ago. I believe they regard themself much the same as brothers do.” Oh. Danny hadn’t known that about Johnny and Shadow. Though he supposes that makes sense. Johnny was the ghost of someone who’d died, and Shadow was mostly viewed as a neverborn. Danny had never quite known how they’d met or why they were so close with one another. It made sense they were related, somehow.

“Great One, did you intake ectoplasm from a powerful ghost since I last saw you? That might have facilitated this change?” He asks it not as a question per say, but a leading statement. As if he already knows the answer. Danny supposes he probably does. He nods. He’s had that dream so many times- of Clockwork stealing him away and sending him through a portal. When he had, he’d passed through Longnow which was positively imbued with Clockwork’s ectoplasm, being his Lair. And Danny’s vaguely certain now that he’d been given clockwork’s ectoplasm even before then somehow. When he was in the specter speeder with his friends? It’s more of an intuition than actually knowing, but Danny feels certain that’s the case.

“I thought as much. And do you mind confirming the ghost in question? I believe I know the answer but I would like to hear from you, Great One.” Danny reluctantly lets his rings wash over him, revealing his child form once more.

“Clock-Clockwork,” Danny says, burying his face into the inside of his shirt a little. He’s suddenly embarrassed of how high and squeaky his voice is in front of his Amity friends. Well… it isn’t wrong , but he feels weird about it around them.

“Oh Danny,” Jazz coos. Danny’s a little less embarrassed to be observed in his childlike state by Jazz. She practically raised him, after all. Granted, she’d only been a few years older than him the whole time, but she was used to him being her baby brother already.

“Does that mean he has a time core?” Tucker asks.

“I’m afraid so,” Frostbite confirms, “have you been having any manifestations of this shift, Great One?” Danny thinks about the dreams he’s gone through with M’gann and Papa. The dreams that they’d confirmed never happened, but had not been placed in his mind with any type of magic or mind control. There was the one about his mom taking his larynx. About his parents vivisecting him. Things that never actually happened but felt SO real. They were… a bit like the long nights spent in front of Clockwork’s mirrors viewing alternative timelines. Was that… Was that what they were? Danny nods stiffly, but doesn’t open his mouth to elaborate further. And now that Frostbite mentions it, Danny’s more and more certain that he couldn’t read auras before. Was that something Clockwork could do? Or was that just because he’d died again and was more ghostly? Had he died again? Danny wasn’t sure categorically what counted as death anymore. He was still here? He was still living? So could it really count as dying? But they counted the portal accident as a death, at least a half of one. Ugh this was so confusing.

“Well in that case, we will want to reconnect you with your grandfather eventually. I can help you with your developing core as you grow, but I cannot help you with the specifics as I have helped you in the past with your ice core. Clockwork will have more expertise for you in this area. May I inquire as to the status of your ice-cored self? How are they faring after the split? Are they a child like yourself, young one?” Frostbite asks.

“Wait a minute, as he grows? So is Danny stuck as a kid forever?” Sam interrupts before Danny can answer.

“Well not forever. All children grow up in time.” The room falls pretty silent at that. Danny isn’t sure what to think. Sam and Tucker especially seem really sad about that. Do they…. Do they not like him? Much of his family seems relieved. Their auras melt and liquify in relief like candies left out in the sun to puddle into a sweet goop. Sam and Tucker’s tense in anxiety, puffing up like a puffer fish. The bisecting emotions in the room wave over Danny’s core uncomfortably and push a minor nausea at the base of his stomach. It’s like with all the paparazzi weeks ago but not quite as overwhelming. As if to answer Sam’s question (he will not always be ‘stuck’ as a kid forever. He can be an Uilnow too), Danny shifts back into his Uilnow form and darts along the table back at his family, this time burrowing into Grandpa Bruce’s chest before transforming back into a human. His understated and controlled aura is less overwhelming to his senses and grounding.

“Daniel is an adult,” Papa speaks up for the first time in a moment. Now that Danny thinks about it, this is the first any of his family has spoken in a hot moment. He supposes they were all just taking in all the new information. It was probably a lot. “I mean… The other Danny. Ice core Danny? I’m not really sure what most of this stuff means, but this is the Danny we’ve gotten to know and love over the past few months. The one I’ve adopted. The other guy- Danny- Daniel? Just popped up like an hour or two ago to fight Plasmius,” Danny’s Papa explains haltingly, now quite sure what to call his older other self.

“For clarification, how about this is Danny and the one in the medbay recovering from the fight is Daniel?” Tim suggests like Damian did not long ago. 

“Frostbite, are you even capable of calling him Danny instead of ‘Daniel’ or ‘Great One’?” Tucker says with amusement. Frostbite considers, slightly but clearly jokingly offended by the notion.

“Certainly. Although Danny though he may be, he is still the Great One. There are now just two of them.”

“Ah but if there are two of them, can there really be a Great One with a capital ‘O’?” Sam counteracts, slipping into debate seamlessly like her own fishnet leggings.

“They are two branches of the same tree that is the Great One, so I shall have to count them as such,” Frostbite huffs with a somewhat feral grin.

“I was meaning to ask about that. Why do you call him the Great One?” Tim, ever curious, asks.

“Well he is the savior of the Infinite Realms multiple times over, as well as our High King via rite of combat. Though he will not be officially crowned for some time.” Danny blushes deeply as his Papa’s, Tim’s, and Grandpa Bruce’s gazes all fixate on him. His slightly pointed ears flick in anxiety as if to replace the notion of a tail twitch.

Danny focuses his brain away from the conversation and begins to drift again as the two parties discuss their experiences the last few months- his family getting to know him, and his Amity friends in their search for him. After some time passes, Danny rouses from restfulness in Bruce’s arms once more, his mind trailing the conversation again.

“So let me get this straight,” Tim starts, “Danny fought this Vlad guy, and killed him. That contradicted whatever his primary obsession is, leaving his core damaged and in a vulnerable state. Then Vlad’s fire burned him, which he was more weak to because he had an ice core and the stuff with his obsession and his damaged core. Then, when he got this Clockwork guy’s ectoplasm, it helped start to heal him but also planted seeds for mitosis to take place later on? And then for whatever reason, the same guy sent him here to another dimension?”

“Somewhat,” Frostbite concedes, “Danny would have healed with time and ambient ectoplasm well enough. The mitosis was a result from the conflicting types of ectoplasm. One cannot have a core that is both ice and time, so his body dealt with it by separating them into two separate cores. And like I explained previously, cores are essentially a ghost’s while being. So it creates another ghost. Johnny and Shadow, the ghosts I used as an example earlier, are fire and shadow cores. They were originally just Johnny and a fire core until the split.”

“Can we…. Can we see him? Danny- er Daniel I mean?” Sam asks, so much hope layering thickly in her voice.

“I think that can be arranged,” The trench coat man says. Oh, Danny forgot he’d been here the whole time too. He’s been so fixated on his friends and family. Danny looks up blearily from his Grandpa’s chest to see why the trench coat guy finally decided to weigh in. Standing in the doorway of the medbay across the room is his older self, propped up between Damian and Steph, staring back at them with a glimmer of knowing and tears brimming his eyes.

“Hey guys,” He croaks with a lopsided smile.
Notes:

    Ta-Da! I know there's a lot of exposition in this chapter and I hope I broke it up enough/it wasn't too boring. I hope it answered everyone's confusion/questions as well! In summary, Danny's fight with Vlad damaged his core because it's basically against his primary directive to actually kill someone, but he had to do it to save his friends. Being put in that impossible situation damaged his core. Because of that, when Vlad's core burned him, it almost faded him entirely. Clockwork's ectoplasm helped save him before they could get him to the far frozen, but in doing so, his core was directly exposed to time ectoplasm and integrated with it. As Danny healed, the time and ice ectoplasm stores in his core built up and his body, not able to host two different types, began the process of mitosis. There are now an ice cored Danny and a time cored Danny. They are two separate beings, a bit like brothers. We'll get into more with Ice Core/older Danny next chapter and his interactions with the rest of the gangs. Is anything still confusing to yall? Ask away in the comments!!! Love you my Sweet Finches <3

Chapter 30: Duo Dannys
Summary:

    The Bats and Team Phantom sit down and discuss everything that's happened and the Dannys interact with one another a bit. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 30: Duo Dannys

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny wakes to people speaking over him, but he can’t quite make out the conversation. A young boy in what appears to be tailored pajamas speaks in hushed tones with some sort of vigilante in purple. And… a butler? Oh, clarity comes back to his somnambulant mind with startling coldness. It feels like catharsis. Cold has long been a source of relief for Danny. Oh, that’s Damian, Steph, and Alfred. Danny tries to greet them, but all that comes out is…

“Errmph.”

“Daniel?” Damian asks, not bothering to hide the suspicion in his tone. His eyes are narrowed like daggers. Geez what did Danny do? Although, looking at the situation objectively, Danny supposes Damian has a right to be suspicious. Danny’s dealt with enough murderous clones and alternative selves, aged up or otherwise, to understand the immediate distrust. To Damian’s eyes, Danny’s the imposter. Which, wasn’t that a thought? He was Danny 1.0. The original is back in full glory. Well, full glory might be a bit of a reach if the stretching pain at his chest and waist is any indication. Danny moves to lift the sheets off of him to get a better look at his wound.

“No, Master Daniel. Please do not-”

“Ughh please don’t call me that.” Damian’s gaze softens a little. Danny lifts his shirt and winces at the sight. His torso is bandaged from just above his hip all the way up to his shoulder. If the feeling underneath is accurate, he’d basically been mauled by Vlad. Ugh that’s a thought to vomit up in therapy another day (which, ew, never. After Spectra, Danny never wants to see another therapist again, regardless of what Jazz has to say on the matter). If he thinks too much about it now he’s going to turn into a raging fruitloop.

“Please don’t irritate your stitches. Dr. Leslie said-” But Danny tunes the rest of Steph’s warning out as blue mist escapes between his teeth.

“Wait- is… Frostbite here?” Danny sits up as suddenly as his protesting muscles allow, which is to say- awkwardly, stiffly, and slower than he intends. When he was a new halfa (well, newer. Perspectively to most ghosts he was still considered a child ghost, even at 19), his ghost sense was just a general beacon. But in the years since he’d developed the ability, he can detect the aftertaste of the stuff and he can usually hedge with relative accuracy which ghost it was if it is someone he’s met before. And his ghost sense tastes like Frostbite’s ectosignature this time. Stephanie and Damian look at each other with an expression Danny can’t quite place. 

“That’s Frostbite out there,” Danny explains with growing certainty. Restlessness stirs in his gut. It’s been so long since he’s seen his friends. And this whole time- had they been looking for him? Had they thought him dead? Danny had been six, an amnesiac, and in another dimension; he hadn’t exactly been in a state to get himself home. Still, a small twinge of guilt niggles at his core. He probably could have tried harder to get home. Or maybe convince the heroes of this dimension to get him there. But… Danny can remember these last months. And it had been so nice to be able to let someone else take care of him for once. Protect him for a change.

Still, it wasn’t right to just sit here and allow time to pass without trying to get back home. But… what could he have done? He’d just been a little kid who didn’t remember anything! Despite it, Danny’s core burbles in anxiety at the thought of all his friends looking for him, scared and alone and without a clue of how to find him while he sat and did nothing and- okay he needs to take a breather before he spirals himself down a rabbithole he can’t pull himself out of. Easier said than done, but still.

Taking said deep breath, Danny scooches himself to the edge of the bed with a pained wince. Alfred tuts, trying to convince him to lay back down, but seems even in the moment to realize the futility of the insistence. That’s right. He’s probably used to this kind of treatment from the bats and birds.

“I’m going, but if you’re so worried, you could help me with it,” Danny mumbles irritatedly. Really, he’s been through worse. His core feels raw and new though, and he is pretty sure his healing isn’t working as fast as it usually does, so he’ll have to be careful. Begrudgingly, Stephanie braces an arm up under his armpit to support as much of his weight as possible. Damian, though significantly shorter than him (Huh was he always that short? Or was that just because Danny had been so little? Danny can understand why Jason and Tim called him ‘shortstack’ sometimes, even at their own mortal peril), braces up against his side as well. Together, with Alfred close behind in case they stumble, they shuffle towards the main door. Conversation drifts out.

“Can we… Can we see him? Danny- er Daniel I mea n?” That’s… oh. OH. So it isn’t just Frostbite in the cave. Danny feels tears brimming against his bottom lashes at the sound of Sam’s voice. It’s been so long since he heard that sound, so long since he knew who she was to him. At least fully. He’d seen her in bits and pieces in his dreams, but he hadn’t really remembered her then. But he does now. He can remember the long nights up on rooftops stargazing while she ranted about this injustice of the world and that, exchanging their life’s passions like playing cards between them in the brisk night air. He remembers sleepovers with Tuck where Sam nestled a bit closer to Danny than their best friend. He remembers kissing her at their junior prom when she’d been glistening in her dress like dew on spider’s silk, her eyes that irresistible iridescent violet, her laugh a husky cute thing. He remembers consoling her that his death wasn’t her fault. He remembers her strength when a fight with Vlad or his parents went too far and scared him a little too much- the way she would brace him with a fierce hug and let him fall to pieces in her arms. He remembers her laugh. Her smile. Her chiding. Her righteous fury. Sam.

Danny can feel a tear or two slip from their place, running traitorous paths down his cheeks and collecting at his jaw.

“Hey guys,” he cracks a lopsided grin, the goofy one that he knows sends Sam wild, “What, who died?” he jokes. In barely a nanosecond, Sam’s bolted from her chair loudly and boldly, and she’s crashing her lips into his. Danny leans in without hesitation, allowing the salt of his tears to mingle in their joined lips. He isn’t sure at what point Sam’s supporting his weight instead of Stephanie and Damian, but they’ve stepped away and Sam’s put her arms around him gently. She can tell he’s injured instinctively. Sam’s always been psychic about when he’s hurting like that. Perhaps she’s just patched him up enough times to tell from a glance. Witch , he thinks teasingly in his head.

Sam peels herself from Danny’s face and he can take in her eyes again. He tilts his forehead forward and down to clink against hers gently. Her eyebrows furrow in faux anger.

“NEVER do that again Daniel James Fenton,” she says, pulling away once more and flicking him in the center of his forehead.

“OW! Hey!”

“Oh please you big baby, you’ve had worse. You’re literally basically ripped in half right now.” Had they told her that or did she just know?? Witch!

“But emotionally it hurts so much worse. Please stop, I may die all the way!” His lopsided grin spreads wide again, teasing his girlfriend. Danny knows she’d mock run from him if she wasn’t supporting so much of his weight.

“Mmmm. You deserve it. Never disappear like that again!”

“It’s not like I did it on purpose.”

“Mmm. Regardless,” Sam teases, guiding him over to the table.Tucker’s already stood up, tears in his own eyes as well. They hug, Tucker also being gentle on his stitches. How did they know?? Seriously, sometimes his friends were fucking creepy like that. For once, Tucker doesn’t have much to say.

“We- we missed you man.” Danny nods back at him, choked up at seeing his best friend for the first time in so long. And then-

Jazz practically tackles Danny, who cries out in pain this time. 

“Aahh Aahh watch the stitches Jazz, geez!”

“Oh sorrysorrysorry,” Jazz hurriedly mumbles, stepping backwards and awkwardly patting gently at his shirt, as if smoothing the wrinkles in it will heal the gash beneath it faster.

“Jazz- JAZZ- I’m fine!” Danny tries to assure.

Sam audibly scoffs beside him, “you’re fine my ass. I’m holding you up like a tripod over here. Here, sit down, you beanpole. Christ on a stick you shouldn’t be this heavy.”

“Are you calling me FAT? I’ve never been so insulted in my life. Does your mother know you speak like that to your peers?” Danny puts the back of one hand dramatically against his forehead in a mocking manner.

“Oh please, like I give a rat’s ass what my mom thinks about the way I fucking talk.” Which- fair. True.

“Naw but for real- I don’t think I’m as light as I usually am because of my core… feels odd. Not bad odd just…. Raw you know?” Sam frowns at that as she sits him down in a chair with a bit of effort, looking across the table to…

Oh. Yeah that was still weird. She looks to… Danny. The Danny Danny’d been like an hour or two ago (or longer depending on how long Danny was out? Well not young Danny but him Danny oh this was going to be a headache wasn’t it). Yeah this was perhaps going to take some getting used to. But at least this one was visibly distinctive too like Ellie.

“Hey- where’s Ellie?”

“She’s looking for you in a really far off section of the ghost zone. She was better equipped to handle longer travel times in the Realms and you know how she likes to travel anyways. She’s got better zone connections too. It was safer for her than for us. We’ll have to track her down and tell her the good news soon.”

“Which is?” Papa- er Dick interrupts. He holds a blearily sleepy smaller Danny in his arms, the one with more white in his hair and black tipped fingers. The one with a lichtenburg scar even in human form. Danny’s only shows when he’s a ghost.

“I’m sorry?” Jazz asks.

“What is the good news for your friend? Are you going back home? Catch up the class, please.” Oh. Did… does Dick want him to stay? Or is he anxious to kick them all out?

“That they found me of course. Did you think they were searching in the hope they’d never find me?” Danny asks, intentionally lying on a thick layer of humor in his voice, hoping to soften the blow. He can’t read Dick’s facial expression and his eyes narrow slightly. Usually his Papa- er, Dick. Usually Dick is much easier to read. Is that because he could read his aura? He can’t feel anyone’s auras any more. Was that something only younger Danny could do? Danny looks to his younger counterpart. His blue eyes are the same shade as Danny’s own human pair. They share raven locks, except Danny’s is the same length it was when he’d destabilized in the specter speeder all those months ago, short on the bottom and with fluffy bangs up top. He’s only got a small white section at the nape of his neck, barely noticeable with the haircut he’s got. Younger Danny’s got long black hair that spills over his ears and even slightly over his shoulders and the entire undercut section is white, giving the illusion of being lit from beneath. His fingers (and toes by Danny’s memory, even if they’re covered now) and nails are inky black, fading to the hue from pale white skin. 

The room remains uncomfortably quiet as Danny locks eyes with… Danny… Awe shitmuffin this was getting awkward. Danny doesn’t do well in awkward (which, you’d think he’d fucking thrive in as he’s basically marinating in it his whole life).

“You, ugh. You look a lot like Ellie with your long hair….kiddo?” Danny tries, but the question at the end of his voice only adds to the weirdness in the air. No one says anything. Really? Nobody?? Someone with more intelligence couldn’t think of something to add. Tim?? Alfred??? Danny can’t really be surprised that Bruce has nothing to add- the Bat’s always been eerily comforted in silence. Danny hates the silence- it makes him squirm.

“Who’s…. Who’s Ellie?” young Danny pipes up, pulling a hand through his long hair and pulling apart a tangle as it snags. And oh, doesn’t Danny’s heart break. The kid still didn’t remember anything? He’d gained back all his memories, but was that because he’d aged up?

“Ellie,” he says with a deep breath to collect himself, “is our little cousin.You don’t remember her?” Danny intentionally leaves out the whole ‘clone’ bombshell. There’s enough going on without having to explain the whole cloning fiasco to the birds and bats at bay. Young Danny hesitantly nods no. Danny’s heart crumbles again. But then again, maybe it’s good he doesn’t remember a lot of their life prior to Wayne manor. There was…. There was a lot of not so great stuff in it. If he didn’t remember the wondrous chaotic gremlin that was Ellie, well that was sad. But if he could forget what happened to them in the GIW, the Gotham one? That’d probably be healthiest for a tiny kid who couldn’t deal with all of that. If he could forget destabilizing in Sam’s lap? If he could forget stitching himself back up in the treehouse in the backyard when a Skulker blast has gotten him a little too close to his core and-

“Earth to Danny? Danny” Sam’s tone is worried. Oh he was spacing out (hah).

“Oh sorry, was just thinking for a second.”

“Dude, she said your name like, four times. You good man?” Tucker looked at him, leaning from around Jazz who sat on his other side. Sam sat next to him in the other chair but basically hovered, perching at his side rather than in her own seat.

“Yeah, I’m good. I’m… the best I’ve been in a while, honestly. But my core does…. It feels weird like I said. I don’t know why…. I-”

“I think we can explain that better for you,” Dick says, blessedly ending Danny from going on and on. And with that, a combination of Tim, Damian, and Bruce explain the whole ‘two cores/mitosis’ thing to Danny. Frostbite interjects where they don’t get things exactly correct, which serves to both allow the bats to confirm their knowledge and inform Danny of all that’s happened while remaining accurate. 

Which… fair. Danny’s gone through weirder shit. There was the whole Dan thing. If there had to be an alternative version of himself, he’d prefer a six year old sweetheart to a middle aged evil menace any day. And there was that one time he’d been bitten by a ghost lizard and ended up obsessed with fitted sheets of all things and hoarding them like a dragon. The ghost lizard had ended up being some realm-native species of miniature dragon whose bite induced temporary obsessions. Why Danny had latched onto fitted bedsheets, they’ll never quite know, but everyone in amity had been scared sheetless (HAH) for two months and Danny had amassed the biggest collection of fitted sheets you’ve ever seen. At least they’d made for the most epic pillow fort in all the Infinite realms. And it’d worn off eventually. But anyway, like Danny said- he’s been through weird shit before.

“Well that makes sense that we have two different core types,” Danny says, joining the conversation, “There’s stuff I could do as… him… that I couldn’t do before and can’t do now. Do… Do we have to call him Danny too? This is just going to get confusing,” Danny offers. Seriously they needed a nickname for the little guy or something. It was a little uncanny to call him Danny when Danny was Danny. Ugh- this is headache inducing. It isn’t like having two Margarets in the same Kindergarten class where one is ‘Margaret H’ and one is ‘Margaret G’. Although… Danny F and Danny G? That could work maybe.

“Just because you’re older doesn’t mean he is not also Danny. And besides, you’ve both shown a general disgust for the use of the name Daniel,” Damian points out. Which, fair.

“What about Danny F and Danny G?” Danny offers with a shrug. Young Danny wrinkles his nose in distaste.

“That sounds like a bad rapper name,” he notes. Which, fair.

“Well, you got any better ideas? And before you suggest it kid, no I’m not going to be ‘old Danny’ or ‘Dan’. I know you don’t have all our memories but ‘Dan’ is off limits, ‘kay? And I’m 19, not old.” Danny frowns like he was about to suggest just that. He stews for a second, a grumpy little grown taking hold of his cute little face before it smooths out as a good idea visibly comes to him. Has Danny always been so transparent in his facial expressions?? He’ll have to sit in front of a mirror sometime…

“I can be…. Jamie.” Huh, Danny hadn’t thought of that.

“Would you like that?” Dick asks soothingly at the child, still in his lap, teetering on the edge of his knees and hands braced on the table. The sight warms Danny’s core to see a version of himself so protected and loved by a parent. Danny’s own parents aren’t neglectful or bad exactly , but they aren’t the most attentive either. And in the last five years, their gun blasting and ‘ecto scum’ yelling at his alter ID has really worn down their relationship. Danny’s thought of ways to tell them he’s phantom a thousand times but the right moment just hasn’t come for it yet. Maybe one day soon he’ll find a way to tell them. He misses being closer with them. He used to stargaze with his mom- build model rockets with his dad. All four of them used to be regular puzzle-doers on rainy days and holidays before life just got too busy. Nowadays they barely even eat meals at the same table any more. Danny misses it.

Young Danny- Jamie seems to take a second to think first before nodding enthusiastically, a smile spreading across his face.

“Mmmhmm. It’s the name you gave me, Papa.”

“AWE. That’s so sweet!” Steph and Jazz coo at the exact same time. They look at each other in surprise and laugh. Oh fucksicle those two are going to get along like a house on fire. Jamie’s ears go blushed and he hides his head up to his eyebrows in his shirt collar.

“You said there are powers Jamie has that you don’t? What do you mean?” Tim asks as Dick coaxes Jamie out of his shirt turtle.

“Well when I was him, I could read auras- basically like emotional synesthesia I think it’d be called. It’s a ghostly thing all ghosts can do but I never could. Probably has to do with the fact I’m a halfa- that’s a half ghost half human if y’all didn’t know. Ghosts can feel other ghosts' emotions via their cores. It’s like synesthesia in humans where you can taste colors or see sounds and shit. At least that’s how it’s been described to me before. Like I said, I never experienced it till I was him.” Danny nods at Jamie bringing attention back to him once more. At the increased attention he shirt turtles again. Dick sighs exasperatedly, but fondly. He goes to convince Jamie to come back out again. 

“Dude, that’s insane. Could you hear colors or something? Get me some of that action.” Tucker jokes. 

“Not hearing so much, but It was mostly like sensations of smells and colors in response to peoples’ emotions. One of the ones I remember is whenever Dick was especially loving or parental, red and white swirls with gold surrounding it would bloom out from him. It was really pretty.” The batfam goes silent with this knowledge for a moment.

“My….My parents were acrobats before they died. Their uniform in the circus was red and white with gold accents. I’ve always associated that pattern and those colors with them…” Oh. Oh. So that was why. Danny… isn’t really sure how to respond to that. He didn’t entirely mean to bring up the ‘Dick was technically Danny’s dad now’ thing…. Though if Jamie was still here Dick was just his Dad, Danny supposes. He still has Jack and Maddie… good GOD someone PLEASE interrupt this awkward silence it’s driving Danny up a wall.

“Was that the only one?” Bruce asks, bringing their attention back to Danny's powers. Thank youuuu, Bruce.

“The Great One has always been an Ice Cored Ghost, so his cryokinesis is not new to him,” Frostbite adds helpfully, voice booming in the cavernous space.

Danny takes a second to really think about it. “Yeah I’ve had ice powers since pretty close after I became a ghost,” at this, several of the batfam stiffen at the casual allusion to his death, but Danny pushes on: “flight, intangibility, overshadowing, ectoblasts, the wail, and duplication were all the norm for me before.” It doesn’t escape him that Tim is silently mouthing ‘duplication?!’ to Bruce while he silently mouths back ‘overshadowing?!’ in a similar fashion.

“Not to mention the gravity resistance, the ghost sense, and the super healing,” Sam pipes up. 

“Oh yeah, sorry It’s kinda hard to keep track of them all.” Danny doesn’t miss Dick off to the side looking like he’s about to have an aneurism. Probably realizing how difficult it's going to be to raise a kid with all those abilities. 

“But the aura reading thing was new and I don’t seem to be able to do that one anymore. And I’m pretty sure I was…. dreaming of alternate timelines too. Like some of them were just plain old shitty memories, but some of them felt the same as looking through Clockwork’s time mirrors when he was teaching me ‘timey’ stuff. Damn, that old vulture probably knew all this would happen…”

“Your grandfather taught you to look through time?” Damian asks, an intrigued expression on his face.

“Yes, does that bother you?”

“Well, mine regularly brought people back from the dead. So, no.”

“I did…. not know that,” Danny stares aghast, trying to think of any time when this came up in conversation. Isn’t Damian Bruce’s biological son??? Danny looks at Bruce, who does nothing to elaborate on that little tidbit.

“Oooookay then, well anyway, I suppose there’s no way to know if I have that ability as well until I’ve gotten some Z’s. So we’ll have to wait on that one.”

“And do your…. Do your legs feel alright?” Dick asks. Oh. Oh. How terribly terribly selfish and foolish of Danny. He’d been back to his normal self for like five seconds and already forgotten the frustration of not having working legs. He looks to Jamie again, trying to decipher his expression, but he just looks back blankly and wide eyed as always, waiting for his answer with not much emotion. So that wasn’t a triggering question, Danny supposes. It’s odd to look at what was him just earlier tonight and not know what he’s thinking. He was literally in that head not all that long ago and he already doesn’t know what’s going on in there. It’s pretty jarring, honestly.

“...Yeah. That was new too. I never had any mobility issues until… after,” Danny dances around the topic of his initial fight with Vlad. He doesn’t want to scare Jamie, who’s wiggling at the end of Dick’s lap to be put down. At some point during this entire discussion, Alfred, the freaky psychic he was, had anticipated the need and popped out of the cave to locate the boy’s (man was it weird to refer to him that way/as a separate entity than himself) braces and crutches. The braces are the newer ones, the more customized ones with the galaxy printed right on the side rather than the first set he’d spent the afternoon with his siblings emblazoning with stickers. The crutches are the same ones he remembers, teal and purple and orange and navy. But to their surprise, when Danny hops off Dick’s lap, he stands with no wobbling or weakness. His legs seem sturdy beneath him and he hops foot to foot and then begins jumping around in excited little circles.

“Papa Papa look! My legs work!” He shouts, giggling madly to himself as he runs off past Alfred, who had been offering forth the braces and crutches which seem no longer necessary.

“Huh, I guess they do squirt. How-?”

“If I may interject,” Frostbite butts in as Jazz and Steph move to entertain a now sprinting, giggling Jamie. Dick and Bruce nod in agreement.

“In the initial scans you showed me, I explained how the Great One’s core had concentrated auroras in the form of a bruise. The newer scans of Jamie’s and Daniel’s cores show no such bruising. Daniel’s aurora’s are fainter, but they are not as concentrated in one spot as they were. And Jamie’s time core has no such injury. It seems that Jamie’s core is fully and newly formed like a child ghost, and Daniel’s is healed but weak while it recovers,” at this, Sam shoots Danny a glare, telepathically communicating ‘you hear that? REST you asshole!’ in that special loving tone of hers. She grabs hold of his arm with hers, pushing her head into his shoulder and nestling fiercely. Fine fine- he gets the message. He’ll take it easy. Injured or weak cores were no freaking joke.

“So does this mean he won’t have mobility issues now? Was that because of the bruising?” Tim asks.

“Halfa physiology is much guesswork, as Danny and Jamie are of a rare species, but I have hypothesized that their cores are very interconnected with their human nervous, cardiac, and immune systems. It could stand to reason that damage to their cores could cause trouble with each, and it would not be unreasonable to assume that the bruising we saw in that scan could have correlated to spinal cord bruising in a human. Cores are unpredictable and difficult to study even in full ghosts without all of the human complications. So there is no way for me to tell for absolute certainty, but that would be my theory.” The bats take this information in stride, taking up the theory as assumed truth. 

Tucker pales a bit at all the medical talk. Right, probably not the most welcome topic. Tucker’s own mom had suffered a spinal cord injury when they were in late elementary school from a motorcycle accident, so the pair of boys was intimately familiar with the symptoms of a spinal cord bruise: pain, weakness, numbness, trouble balancing and walking, etc. Tucker’s mom had been in the hospital for a while and had physical therapy in one after that and Tucker’s relationship with hospitals and medical jargon had just never recovered from the experience. 

And come to think of it, that did sound a lot like what he’d gone through when he’d been Jamie. He’d had pain in his lower back and legs, numbness in his limbs, trouble keeping balanced, and muscle control issues. That and the intangibility episodes made for a pretty ghostly case of spinal bruising, Danny supposes. And he thinks he remembers Iris talking about muscle atrophy. Which- destabilizing and having your legs turn to mush could be classified as muscle atrophy in a sense. It was more of complete muscle absence but eh. Semantics.

Dick seems to slump in relief. Danny studies his face. He looks overwhelmed. Exhausted. One side of his hair is pushed back against his head from where he’s been running his hand through it during the conversation and his shirt is pretty rumpled from where Jamie’d been burying his pudgy little hands in it. Which had been pretty cute of Jamie. He looks a little like when Tucker’s mom had when she’d had his newborn baby sister- sleep deprived and hanging by a thread to sanity. Maybe they’d better wrap things up for now? Honestly Danny was pretty tired too. And his stitches were starting to ache from the effort of sitting up in a chair versus laying down. Wow how weak was that? He wasn’t even standing!!! 

“That’s wonderful news and all and I’m glad for the kid, but do you think we can all get some sleep before it’s the morning? Well I guess its already the morning, but most of us were up a majority of the night and I’m starting to feel a little uncomfortable. You know- rip through my whole body and all.”

Danny’s friends look at him in surprise. Yeah yeah he admitted he was in pain. Happy? He knows they’re not used to him admitting it so freely but hey it did hurt! He wasn’t going to yammer on about it but with his whole torso shredded like it was there wasn’t much use hiding that it at least hurt a little. Okay a LOT.

“Of course, Danny. I can prepare you and all of your friends' guest rooms in the manor for the rest of the early morning. Sleep in as long as you like. I have a feeling most of the house will be sleeping in. Lots to take in, you know,” Alfred offers kindly.

“Just one room for the four of us is fine! Though if you can add in a couch or something that’d rock, dude. We just got Danny back. We’re not about to split that soon!” Tucker requests. Danny smiles. A sleepover with his friends will definitely hit the spot after not having seen them in so long.

“Though maybe a separate room for Frostbite. I don’t think he exactly wants to join in on the cuddle pile. Ice core and all- it’ll probably be too toasty.”

“I would appreciate separate lodgings if you can provide it. Though I will be glad to return to my homeland if I would be an inconvenience in any way-”

“No need to worry, Mister Frostbite. This manor has more guest rooms than can be possibly needed. If you all,” Alfred indicates Danny, Sam, Jazz, and Tucker, “insist on one room, that can be accomplished, if a bit strange of a request. I understand the exigent and unique circumstance. Allow me to prepare your rooms,” he says, excusing himself. They thank him as he exits to do just that. Dick turns to converse briefly with Damian and Danny allows himself to close his eyes and breathe deeply and smile as Sam and Tucker bicker good naturedly about something stupid amongst themselves. It feels good to be back with his fraid, in a way Danny hadn’t realized he’d missed so much.

As Alfred returns, having prepared rooms with little fuss, Danny mentally readies himself to stand with Sam’s help again. His torso really is blazing right now and a light sheen of sweat had begun to amass on his forehead. But a hand on his shoulder stops him from rising. Looking over it, Danny sees Bruce with a gentle chastising expression on his face.

“I may not be able to convince my own kids to use this when they are injured, but might I at least convince you?” Bruce indicates a wheelchair he’s pulled up behind him. Danny moves to protest. He CAN walk- Frostbite just said his core wasn’t damaged, but Tucker interjects.

“Yeah he will definitely take that,” and at that, Tucker and Sam both send him murderous glances. Okay he can take a hint, fine! After some assistance, Danny transitioned into the wheelchair. He’s a little out of breath and a little (okay a lot) sweaty with the effort. The party makes their way up an elevator (which exits into the old grandfather clock in the manor) and to the bedroom wing of the manor where guest and permanent quarters alike intermingle. The group parts ways, taking to various bedrooms. Danny watches as Dick and Jamie go into the bedroom that’s been his for the last several months, the one with glow in the dark stars on the door. He smiles as Dick picks Jamie up, who’s still bouncy and energetic. Good luck getting that kid to go to sleep, Danny thinks with a chuckle. Though, if he’s like Danny remembers from his time as Jamie, Dick will be able to accomplish it with a bit of reading before bed and a good cuddle.

Danny allows Sam to help him into a fresh set of pajamas supplied by Alfred, neatly folded upon the bed, which is an XL King (likely to accommodate all four of them. Thanks Alfred! You magic maker). The rest of the three change as well and Danny allows Tucker and Jazz to lift him onto the bed and make sure he’s comfortable in the center before they pile into a semblance of a cuddle pile, making sure to be careful of Danny’s torso.

Danny ends up drifting off shortly after, infinitely glad to be in the embrace of his best friend, his girlfriend, and his sister after such a long time.
Notes:

    Hello my Sweet Finches! And with that, things are starting to wind down in the resolution <3. Danny and Jamie are two separate characters. I had some people theorize they'd become one character again and other people theorize that both Danny and Jamie would be Dick's sons. Dick's 26 and Danny is 19 so he's definitely too old/Dick's too young for that dynamic. It'll be a little awkward while they figure out their dynamic as Danny does have Jamie's memories for the time they were the same person. Think of it as a russian nesting doll- Jamie's newly forming core was a shell to protect Danny's injured one. When they split, Jamie's core filled in the rest of the way, making him his own person with soul and autonomy- a baby ghost/baby halfa by infinite realms standards. Anyway, I am planning Dick and Danny to have a one on one heart to heart in the coming chapters as the story winds to a close.

    Enjoying how things are playing out? Any last requests for things you'd like to see? I'll be tying up lose threads of what will happen moving forward with the bats and team phantom and have a small epilogue chapter/scene planned as well.

    As for my own life, Penguin (my service dog) is doing great! She just finished her last round of chemotherapy and has had no additional cancer spread which is good for her prognosis. Saoirse (what I ended up naming my standard poodle puppy sdit (service dog in training)) is also doing great! She's 5 months now and getting big. She'd already 33 lbs! She is also lightening up quite a bit. She's a sable so she was born mostly black and is already a pretty light creamy color over most of her body. If you don't know about sables/lightening its a poodle thing feel free to look it up! But basically theyre born darker and lighten over time. When she's an adult she'll be a light cream/tan all over except black ears and tail. It's really pretty! She's named after the animated film Song of the Sea. Honestly I should have named her Robin but eh too late for that! I'll save that name for my next pup haha.

    Anyway, enjoy the story! Hope to post the next chapter as soon as I can but the next few weeks of my life are going to be hectic so I can't commit to a specific timeline. I'll be as prompt as possible!

Chapter 31: Conversations Part 1: Bruce and Damian
Summary:

    Danny has some one on one conversations with Bruce and Damian after his split from Jamie. Danny POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 31: Conversations Part 1- Bruce and Damian

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

Danny wakes up overly warm and sticky with sweat. Usually during a sleepover like this with his friends, his core compensates and he is a human cold pack. His core must be resting though, because his ice powers didn’t kick on in his sleep. Now awake on his own, he boots up his refrigerator of a chest- so to speak- and allows a chill to take over his skin. There, much better. Sam sighs contentedly next to him, her hand against his upper pec and her head nestled into his side. Jazz is on the other side of him with her head closer to his calf and an arm laid lazily across his shins. Tucker’s rolled off to the side in the night a little ways away from his head/upper torso. It must have been too hot for him. 

Danny allows himself to stew, just taking in being himself again. It’s good to be back. It was nice to be Jamie for a while, but a part of himself- even being amnesiac- had been restless for something. He supposes that was his protection obsession itching with idleness, unable to do much protecting as such a small vulnerable kid. Danny hopes Jamie doesn’t have the same obsession. With them having two different cores and Ellie having different obsessions to him, he hopes Jamie can be spared that particular proclivity. Danny loves himself and he loves his obsession (it’s against ghostly nature to dislike one’s own obsession), but he wouldn’t wish it upon someone else. It’s not an obsession like space or traveling (Ellie’s primary one) that can be sated on one’s own terms. Protection is extremely reliant on the others around him and external factors as he’s most frequently having to deal with who he’s protecting and what he’s protecting them from. Most of the time it was ghosts from humans and vice versa, maintaining a balance of peace. It could be dangerous work.

But however dangerous- however taxing- however draining: it was Danny’s purpose. Nothing fulfilled his life more. Danny smiles thinking of returning to his Amity antics. Life could begin anew again. He could go back to the same ole same ole. Vlad was disbanded for now in a thermos (he’d deal with the complicated emotions surrounding that later), the GIW base in Amity had been destroyed, and he could go back to life as it was. Danny wonders how the town’s been faring without him these past months. Valerie had probably been working triple time to keep up with keeping ghosts in the zone and humans out of it. He’d have to make it up to her somehow. Then there was the matter of his parents. Fuckloaf- Danny was going to have to come up with an excuse to why he’d been gone all this time and where he’d been. He supposes when Jazz wakes up, she can help him brainstorm one. Especially since she’ll know how they reacted. Surely they’d noticed his absence? Hopefully they’d resolved to search themselves instead of file a police report (that’d be a headache). But…. he’d been missing for so long, part of himself hopes they had. That they’d cared enough to. Danny had been gone for such a long time. Were they grieving? Did they think him dead?

And what about school? He couldn’t have just disappeared off the face of the planet (or in this case, dimension) without them noticing or caring to check up on him. Mm. Things to deal with later after Jazz woke up. Maybe after he’d healed a little too. After all, he’d just gotten back to the land of the living (at least halfway, hah), couldn’t he get a little rest? Although Danny suposes one could claim he’ll rest when he’s dead (the rest of the way dead, anyway).

With a soft sigh, Danny lets his white rings overtake him, peeking around to make sure the bright flash didn’t wake up his friends. It didn’t. They must have been as exhausted as he had. Danny slowly sinks intangibly through the bed and then through the floor, allowing Sam’s hand to gently lower to the mattress in his absence from it. Floating invisibly as not to irritate his stitches by walking, Danny bobs along the manor to where he remembers the kitchen to be. He backpedals in the air slightly to find Grandpa- er, Bruce in a long navy robe and house slippers, amusingly domestic in a manner the man rarely was. Danny had been doing a good job separating ‘Grandpa Bruce’ from Bruce Wayne in his head yesterday after his and Jamie’s split, but it seems without actively distinguishing in his brain, he was slipping in thought. He’d have to watch himself. He didn’t want to make anyone uncomfortable. Even though he makes no noise in his ghostly form, completely silent, Grandpa Bruce turns to face him, eyes sharp. But his expression softens again when he realizes it’s just Danny, not an intruder. Well, not an unwelcome one, anyway.

Danny gives a small smile and a bashful wave. Bruce gives a curt nod and a mechanical wave in return. Danny floats and settles himself down on a kitchen stool, leaning his arms forward on a massive marble island before flashing back to human and groaning slightly at the gravity tugging at his stitches again. Weightlessness felt so good.

“Hn. Are you alright?” Bruce asks, waiting at a coffee machine, likely for a pot he’d been in the middle of brewing. Really? They hadn’t gotten to bed until late in the morning. It could only have been a few hours and Bruce was already getting up for the day? Danny had just been planning on grabbing a snack and going back to bed. He hadn’t expected anyone to actually be trying to wake up. Though, Danny supposes the nighttime vigilante was probably used to tight sleep hours. Danny’s own rogues just struck when they struck, usually at random with no planning. Danny didn’t patrol or work specific hours.

“Oh yeah I’m okay. Just a little sore. You try going weightless and then coming back and feeling all the bones in your body clank back down to gravity’s tug, huh?” Danny jokes. To his surprise, Bruce steps to the side, opens a large freezer door (with how large the freezer is, it’s basically the size of its own fridge rather than just a small half that Danny’s used to) and grabs an ice pack. He hands it to Danny wordlessly.
“Oh, thank you.” Danny’s shoulders are really tense, maybe from holding himself differently to compensate for his torso. He presses it to one shoulder, settling it to balance near his neck. Bruce regards him for a second, then pads back to the freezer. He offers him a large U shaped ice pack this time. Oh it’s supposed to be draped over his shoulders and could cover both sides. Gathering Bruce’s silent intention, he takes the outstretched ice pack, switching it for the one he’d just been given. Had Bruce just assumed both his shoulders were sore when he placed it there? Well, he’d been correct. Freaky detective work.

“Ah, thanks, this is awesome. I’ve never seen an ice pack like this one before. It stays a lot better. I usually just used frozen peas or something.” Bruce nods in approval with a small smile. Wow, did this guy always talk so little? Danny can’t remember noticing it as Jamie but perhaps his aura picked up where his words often didn’t. Danny shifts a little awkwardly in his seat. Bruce mills about the kitchen some more as his pot brews. He returns to Danny with an apple and a glass of milk. How the fuck did he know that’s exactly what Danny was here for? Danny takes them with a slightly stunned expression he’s sure Bruce notices. Bruce’s slight smile grows.

“I did live with you for quite some months now. You might have been younger, but your expressiveness hasn’t changed. It was obvious you were tense around the shoulders and you came to the kitchen. You obviously were startled to see me so you weren’t seeking me out, which means you intended to come to the kitchen. It’s easy to assume you were likely coming down for a snack. It’s probably best if you don’t try to actually cook something. Last time you tried Alfred wasn’t upset, but if you actually burn something, you may get in hot trouble with the man,” Bruce smirks at Danny. The last time Danny tried to cook something???- Oh. The French Toast incident. Danny’s cheeks burn red as his apple as he takes a bite, determined to keep his attention on it and not the gentle teasing from Bruce.

“I do know how to make french toast without burning it you know,” Danny returns, working on the apple chunks in his cheeks.

“Might not want to talk with your mouth full around Alfred either. You’ll get an earful.”

“Sorry,” Danny says, still with his mouth full. Damnit.

“It’s alright. I don’t mind- I’m just warning you. Perhaps I’ve been scolded for it so often it’s just second nature to point it out myself at this point.” Danny smiles, taking another bite of apple. They sit in companionable silence for a few moments before Danny asks:

“You do know I’m going back, right?” Bruce gives a small smile before turning back to his coffee pot which has finished brewing.

“I know. I assumed as much. And you know Jamie is staying here, yes?” There isn’t a threat per say in his voice, but his tone is possessive and unashamedly so. Danny supposes he could be offended at the implication that Danny would have any intention of forcibly stealing his mini me away, but instead his heart is warmed by the protectiveness of a version of himself. When did he ever have an adult so fiercely in his corner? It was nice to see a child version of himself receiving such intense care and attention in a way Danny never had. His parents love him and love him dearly, Danny is sure, but they were very absent. Very wandering-minded. It was nice to see Jamie wouldn’t have that growing up. It was one of the things Danny regretted about his childhood most. Even with their vigilante gigs, Danny is sure the Waynes will never let Danny fall flat as a priority in their lives. And there’s so many of them to rotate between and forget familial bonds - he will be raised by a village of people who’ll care for him more than anyone else can. Danny might have been skeptical of the whole situation if he hadn’t experienced it firsthand.

“Of course. I know there’s no place he’d rather be. And you all take wonderful care of him. I… I remember loving you all deeply… er- Jamie loves you all deeply.” The frankness in Danny’s words seem to throw Bruce off a bit as he staunchly refuses to turn his gaze from the coffee pot.

“We love him too,” Bruce admits, emotion in his voice more than usual. But something lies between his words. Danny doesn’t dare to hope he intends what Danny’s inferring.

“Can I ask you something?”

“Hn.” Danny’s going to take that as a ‘yes’.

“Can you… can you not make him a Robin? I didn’t really put it all together when I was him, but with retrospect it's pretty obvious kids that come under your care become Robins. I…. I don’t think Jamie wants to be a hero but I don’t think he’ll say no if you asked him to. If he thinks you need him or want him to be something, I think he’ll just do it. When I was a kid…. I wasn’t too great at saying no or putting up boundaries. Hell, I'm still not great at it. But Jamie’s going to be a Robin if you ask him to. Just… don’t force it on him ‘Kay?” Bruce has turned to Danny halfway through his mini speech, mug of coffee in hand. Danny works not to snort as it says ‘World’s Okayest Dad’ in big goofy letters.There’s a chip at the top and the color is worn around the handle- it’s clearly a well loved mug. Bruce hesitates for a second before answering, clearly thinking deeply about his response.

“I haven’t forced any of them to join the nightlife,” he begins. His voice isn’t defensive or assertive, but contemplative, “Dick took his acrobat costume and followed me out against my express wishes. I had to give him a different costume so no one would recognize his Flying Grayson’s suit. Maybe it wasn’t the wisest decision, but I was young and dumb myself and I figured Dick was only going to continue following me out at night. The best I could do was train him and keep a close eye on him so he’d be prepared and safer. And honestly? It did help him heal past the death of his parents as becoming Batman did for me. We were much the same in that way.” Bruce sighs at this in reverie.

“And Jason was much the same. And he’d been so thrilled to be Robin. He told me that Robin was magic, and it made me believe him. When…. When he died I wasn’t going to ever have another Robin. Jason was my Robin. But then Tim showed up, having followed us around and taken pictures of us for years in secret and he already knew our secret identities- he was such a little mad genius to have figured it out the way he had. It… It wasn’t right of me to involve him when I was grieving. But he helped pick up the pieces. It filled something that was missing in my life. Alfred’s too, honestly. And…. And when Damian came, he’d already been raised by assassins. He came to me with more training than Dick, Jason, or Tim ever had to begin with. And Damian was much like Dick- there was going to be no convincing him to stay back at the manor. And he knew I was Batman before he’d ever even met me. I didn’t have a chance at convincing him to stay out of the work”

Danny hadn’t really heard most of this directly before. He’d been able to piece apart bits and pieces of how Jamie’s aunts and uncles came into the fold, but he hadn’t been told it all directly.

“Barbara, Stephanie, Cass, and Duke were very similar. I didn’t ask any of them to join or to become vigilantes. They either came to me with training, trained themselves and started on their own, insisted they join, or some combination of the three. I have never forced anyone to take a Robin role. Though I am grateful for each and every one of them,” Bruce smiles crookedly and fondly.

“I’m glad. I didn’t know that. I think… I don’t think Jamie has my obsession. My obsession is protection. I work as a hero to protect my town from ghosts and ghosts from hateful humans. It’s a balance-of-two-worlds kinda a thing according to Clockwork. Some ghosts like Frostbite have told me it’s their belief that a halfa is only formed with a greater purpose like that. That it was my destiny to be King or whatever. I don’t know about destinies, but I just know that my core wants me to protect people. I… from what I remember of being Jamie I think he’s still forming an obsession. The way Frostbite explained things- he’s still a forming ghost. A baby ghost, really. He’s not only physically young, but his core is developing too. I think he has some time before his obsession settles completely. Let him live his life without owing that recklessness to others. Let him figure out what he wants his obsession is without it having to rely on others’ happiness. I think… I think if I had a choice in how I was, it’d be nice to not have an obsession so focused on external schtuff.”

“I’m glad we have the same opinion. I would like Jamie to stay far away from the Robin mantle as well. I’ve seen enough young children put themselves in harm's way enough to turn me gray.”

“But you’re not gray?”

“What do you think hair dye is for?” Bruce hedges with a raised brow. Danny’s jaw drops.

“There’s no way any of your kids know that. Does Alfred even know that??? Why would you tell me that???”

“Firstly, no one will believe you,” At this, Bruce smirks mischievously and Danny can only sit there slack jawed in shock with his half eaten apple in his hand, “and who do you think buys me the dye? Of course Alfred knows. He knows everything. At least I’m not going bald like I caused him to.” Bruce takes a sip from his mug. If Danny had taken a bite of his apple, he’d be performing a cartoonish spit take. Instead, he barks a laugh, and then almost immediately winces and sputters a heavy cough. Bruce rounds the counter and puts a hand to his back, gently patting as Danny’s hailstorm of painful coughing subsides.

“Why don’t we get Alfred to take a look at your stitches and wrappings, hmm?”

“Thanks, Grandpa Bruce.” Danny stiffens at his slip, cheeks burning red, but blessedly, Bruce says nothing. 

 

—------

 

After Alfred’s looked over his stitches and rewrapped his bandages (because of course Alfred had been awake already too. Seriously? When did these people ever sleep?) Danny floats back up to his guest room to return to the cuddle pile and get a few more hours of sleep. However, on his way, he can hear humming emanating from Damian’s room. Damian? Humming? He can’t help himself- he floats in. Damian’s working on a painting- likely the same one from the roof last night (wow had that all really happened just less than 24 hours ago???)

Looking over Damian’s shoulder, Danny takes in the painting. It’s the same view from the vantage point on the roof, so he’s right- it must be what he’d been painting. The garden below has taken on details and he can make out a tiny Alfred and tiny Titus laying amongst the flowerbeds. The starry night sky is bright and clear against the smog of Gotham, shining through like lighthouse beacons. And on the roof in the foreground, Damian’s painted himself as Robin perched on the edge next to a small blue foxlike form, wings unfurled behind him. Wow. That was really cute.

“That’s really good,” Danny offers by way of a compliment. Damian whips around, hand at his waist as if reaching for his sword that isn’t there. Geez, kid, it’s just me.

Damian’s stance loosens when he realizes it’s Danny in Phantom form.

“Well, I have been practicing my skill, but I am clearly still an amateur. The lighting is incorrect and the blending is poor.”

“Dami- you literally just started painting and this is pretty complex. The vantage point and the perspective are pretty dead on. You obviously have an eye for this stuff.”

Damian blushes slightly, barely noticeable beneath his tan skin.

“You only say such things to flatter me to win my good graces. It will not work.”

“No, dumbass donut. I say it because you’re good. Really good. Just loosen up a little and let yourself enjoy it. Creating art is for more than just making it perfect. It’s for the joy of making it too.”

“You only say that because you lack any artistic ability.”

“How do you know that???” Sputters Danny, “You’ve only seen me draw with crayons when I was like- 6! For all you know, adult me is a Picasso level painter!”

“Picasso is abstract. It takes no skill to throw random shapes up on a canvas. Realism is what requires skill.”

“Oh and now he’s an art critic! Wow fancy pants rich mcgee over here.”

“What are you even saying? What does that even mean?”

“Remind me to introduce you to tiktok later. But Damian?” This draws Damian’s attention, breaking his annoyed demeanor and revealing something softer underneath, “Thanks for being a great Uncle to Jamie. You’re his favorite.” And with that, Danny unveils a chaotic smile as he watches Damian sputter in disbelief, and phases through the wall to the room next door, which happens to be his guest room. Danny takes the time to phase back into bed from the bottom, so that he can raise Sam’s hand up on top of his upper chest and Jazz’s arm across his shins just as they had been before. With a contented sigh and a full stomach again, Danny drifts off in the embrace of his family.
Notes:

    I don't personally have anything against abstract art or Picasso, that's a Damian take in this fic. I was struggling with this one because it got suuuper long so I'm braking the chapter up into multiple.

Chapter 32: Conversations Part 2- Cass, Jazz, and Jamie
Summary:

    Jamie and Danny get to meet Cassandra Cain and Danny has conversations with Jazz and Jamie. Danny and Jamie's POVs

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 32: Conversations Part 2- Cass, Jazz, and Jamie

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

“I don’t know, man. Do you think we should move him to… to your medbay and hook him up to vitals or something?” That was Tucker’s voice.

“You said Sam already took his vitals. Everything’s normal… for him anyway. I’m pretty sure he’s just crashed. I do this all the time.” Oh and that was Tim.

“FOR 22 HOURS??? Then there was a ‘thwap’ noise of someone being smacked over the head.

“You’re gonna wake him up”. And there was Sam’s voice.

“GOOD! He’s been asleep for 22 fucknugget hours!”

“Why do you do that?”

“Do what?”

“You all curse in expletives but also food. Is that a ‘your dimension’ thing?”

“Oh. Well Vlad curses solely in food and it's our way of making fun of him for it. Like he’ll be all like ‘all peanutbrittle and ‘oh sugarcookie’-”

“My favorite is ‘butternuts’.”

“Yeah Thanks Sam. Anyway we don’t know why he does it but it’s pretty fracking hilarious so it's a way we mess with him. It kinda evolved into an inside joke and now we just do it any old time.”

“You forgot ‘oh holiday fruitcake’. That’s like, the best one,” Danny says with a groan, his eyes finally opening to the conversation happening around him. It had taken him a while for his body to cooperate with the fact he was awake.

“He’s aliiiiive!” Tucker mimes in Dr. Frankenstein-esque fashion, jostling Danny in the shoulder as he sits up.

“Ugh Ow?” Danny gripes. 

“Oops sorry man. How ya feeling? You were out for like an entire day?! Frostbite said you’d be fine, but we were worried man.”

“Mm. Power nap. I’m ‘kay,” Danny says, rubbing his eyes. Sam leans forward and kisses his cheek and he takes her hand in his free one, “but I could eat a water buffalo.” 

“Water Buffalo are listed as endangered under the IUCN. I would kill you if you ate one,” Sam punches him. Geez lay off the punching, okay pals?

“What if I ate a ghost water buffalo? They’ve already died.”

“Naw that’s just a different kind of death. It’s a second death, which is arguably worse because the waterbuffalo probably had PTSD from the first one.”

“Can a water buffalo have PTSD?” Pipes Tucker.

“Jesus you guys are like a swarm of kindergartners,” Tim laughs.

“What Kindergartners have you ever met that discuss the philosophical ramifications of eating ghost water buffalo on merit of their mental health?” Sam’s smiling, knowing she’s just putting into perspective how ridiculous the whole discussion is. Danny looks to his friends and Tim.

“Where’s Jazz?” At this, Tim rolls his eyes and groans.

“Trust me dude, you’re going to want to avoid her as much as possible right now. She spent all day yesterday while you were out lecturing Dick on parental psychology. It’s only made worse because he started taking notes and he’s honestly been encouraging the whole thing. They may have dug a hole to China with the spiral they’ve been going down. No idea what time they eventually went to bed. I think Jazz took Frostbite’s room because she didn’t want to wake the rest of you and Frostbite was doing something somewhere else. Apparently while he ‘enjoys the process of slumber, it is not strictly necessary to his kind’. I’ve never been more jealous of ghosts in my life.” Tim takes a step back as Danny scoots to the edge of the bed with Sam’s help. 

“Careful saying that around Jazz. She’ll launch into a rant about ‘ghost envy’.” Sam offers, shuddering mockingly. Tucker returns from having retrieved the wheelchair.

“Really guys I can-” Danny stops cold before denying the chair at the steely gazes Sam and Tucker level. Geez guys, okay! I’ll rest! “Anyway, Jazz basically raised me. If anyone’s got good insight for parental advice for Dick for raising what essentially is me , it probably is Jazz.” Danny shrugs.

On their way to the kitchen, they run into Frostbite, who phases through a door into the hall.

“GREAT ONE!” His voice booms, ringing with the jolly cheer one might expect from Santa Claus (which, Danny would know, as he’s met the ghost). “It is nice to see you faring quite nicely. I had sensed you had awoken! I just wanted to lay visage on you so that I might return to the Realms with peace of mind. I have duties to attend to in my homeland, you see. In the meantime, I have perused this city of yours. Absolutely stunning! Your dwellings reach the skies and you’ve adorned your city with glass and light and magical vehicles that move without aid and sing in joyous horns!” Danny waves Frostbite off with a smile. Beeping angry traffic wasn’t exactly ‘joyous horns’ but he wasn’t going to burst Frosty’s bubble. Plenty of that stuff exists in the zone as well, but Danny knows Frostbite doesn’t often leave the Far Frozen. He’d probably never seen sky scrapers or cars before.

“Go! Go! You don’t need to fret over me, I'll be fine. I’ve got like…. A bajillion mother hens that aren’t going to let me out of this chair. Besides, you probably don’t want to spend too much time out in Gotham or someone’s going to die of fright. They’re not used to giant yetis roaming around. And I’m sure my ghost healing will kick in and speed up soon. You can’t keep me down for long.”

“Indeed, Daniel, and many have tried! I can tell the humans of this dimension are unused to Far Frozenites. I did receive some rather strange looks. Though I promise you I did not harm anyone or cause mischief as your rogues do in the human realm! I was nothing but respectful of your local culture. I shall locate Constantine. He should be able to aid me in returning to our Dimension where I may be able to make entrance to the Realms through your parents’ portal.” And with that, Frostbite phases through another wall, presumably to go find the trench coat guy.

“Come to think of it, where did Constantine go last night? That’s the trench coat guy right?” Danny asks Sam, wheeling him from behind. Somehow it is less embarrassing if it is her or Tucker wheeling him instead of Tim, though Danny has no idea why.

“He dipped in the middle of conversation while no one was looking. I’m not really sure why. He might have wanted to avoid facing the man that technically owns like 60% of his soul.”

“I- what now?”

“Constantine is also known as the laughing magician. He has a habit of trading fragments of his soul in contracts with ghosts and demons for favors. As Ghost King, or Prince or whatever, I think his soul contract technically belongs to you as you hold dominion over other ghosts,” Tim explains casually.

“Woah time out!” Danny says, arranging his palms in a ‘T’ in his lap. “I hold ‘dominion’ over nobody. And I don’t want his soul! Can’t I just… give it back?”

“Considering a lot of the ‘favors’ he’s sold it for are to prevent his death, giving them back might just kill him.”

“Ah, yeah guess it's best to avoid that then.” The four of them make their way to the dining room and Danny’s stomach audibly gargles in protest at having been empty for so long.

“You weren’t kidding about that water buffalo were you man?” Tucker teases. They situate Danny at the table and flank him in chairs on either side. It doesn’t escape Danny that Tim and Tucker sit next to one another on one side and Sam sits on his other. Danny hasn’t checked the time but it must be a general breakfast time in the manor, because not long after they sit themselves, Damian, Bruce, and Alfred enter.

“Good Morning Danny. It is good to see you up and about. I hope you don’t mind, but I did redress your wound while you slept. I did not want to leave it for such an extended time as to risk infection. We will want to do so again or at least check on it later today. Frostbite was able to give insight and assure me it is healing very well.” Danny nods. Alfred places silverware in front of the party, no doubt getting ready to bring out a tray of buffet style breakfast foods. Shortly after, Papa Dick (it’s still a bit too easy to slip into calling him that in Danny’s mind; he’ll have to watch himself) shuffles into the doorway, still in pajamas and his hair sticking every which way. Jamie’s propped up on one hip, slumped over his shoulder in a similar manner of disarray. Danny’s core immediately prickles in concern. What’s up with them?
“Nightmares?” Bruce asks simply. Dick nods with a yawn. Jamie follows, revealing his tiny baby fangs in the action. Danny’s heart plummets. That’s right. Jamie’s still got a time core, so he’s still dreaming those horrible alternative timelines.The ones where his parents…. Not a great time to think about that, genius. Besides, Jamie probably still has enough of his own traumatic memories that the nightmares could have pulled from. They hadn’t gone through everything in therapy with M’gann quite yet, if Danny remembers right. Danny had kinda been hoping when they split that Jamie would forget all the stuff with Gotham Intergenic works and his vigilante life before but it’s unclear if he had. With the cosmic luck Danny’s always had? It’d probably be too convenient to hope for that to be the case. None of this was easy, why should it get easy now? There was just a lot in all of that for a little kid to handle. Danny shakes his head slightly as if to remove those thoughts himself.

“Oh my,” Alfred intones at the sight of his oldest grandson and his little great grandson, “still rather tired are we? I’ll fetch some coffee for you, Master Dick.”

“How come you’ll ‘fetch some coffee’ for Dickiebird but I’m on ban???” Tim cries in muted exasperation,

“When you learn to regulate caffeine intake like the rest of us mere mortals, Master Tim, you may partake in the morning brew once again,” Alfred snides before peeling off into the kitchen again. He returns with a cart with various covered trays. He sets them out on the table, hands Dick a mug of coffee, and then, to Danny’s delighted surprise, sets one down in front of him as well. A millisecond passes where Danny and Sam lock eyes but before he can so much as taste a single drop, Sam has practically dived across his lap, snagging the mug and drinking it down in one gulp. Danny pouts back in his chair.

“Sorry Alf-” Sam apologizes, licking her lips, “but Danny’s just as bad as Tim with caffeine. Strictly off limits for this guy.”

“C’mon Sam!” DANGIT DANISH he had been SO close!!! When was the last time he’d had coffee!? “I’m really not that bad with coffee…”

“Last time you had coffee, we had to babysit you for like ten hours. You kept trying to stick stuff into your chest,” Tucker deadpans in exasperation.

“To be fair, I can do that as a ghost…” Danny grumbles.

“Yeah but you were trying to do it while human! You looked me dead in the eye, took a steak knife, giggled, and tried putting it in your chest. You almost stabbed yourself!!!” 

“1- I think you’re greatly exaggerating that story. You tell it different every time. 2- I am pretty sure from what I remember that it was a prop knife.” The look of horror shared between Tucker and Sam confirms that it was not, indeed, a prop knife. That sobered Danny, who gulps at the thought. Sam turns to Alfred and Bruce, “Caffeine does weird stuff to half ghosts. Think halfway between being drunk and high. Not good for Danny. If he gets his hands on caffeine, prepare to have to babysit him for 7-10 hours. Not a good time. And before he can tell you it’s not that bad, remember the knife story please. It was not a prop knife. It was a steak knife. He just thought it was.” 

Before Danny can interject again, Tucker pipes up: “AND Danny never remembers how harcore it affects him. He’ll tell you he can have just a little or just a drop or something, but he’ll be lying. The second you give him a cup he downs it and things go bananas.” Danny crosses his arms, blushing at his friends having outed his lack of self control around coffee.

“Not fair…”

“Hey, we’re just warning them. It’s for your own good. And plus- if it affects Jamie the same way, they’ll need to know!” Sam says, bringing up a really good point. Oh now Danny feels properly chastised. He hadn’t thought about Jamie and caffeine. They were going to have to give the Waynes a proper crash course in halfas before it was time to leave…

Before long, they’re digging into the most luxurious breakfast Danny thinks he’s had in ages. Well, as himself at least. He’d been living it up with Grandad Alfred’s cooking for a while when he’d been Jamie. Danny would have to admit to eating two or three times as much as even Bruce. Sue him! Danny was famished. As they finish up, Sam holds his hand underneath the table, giving it a small squeeze. It’s then that Jazz walks into the room with… a slight but very toned asian teen with short blackish-brown hair tied back with simple barrets?

“Danny!” Jazz cries, rushing forward with a gleeful smile on her face. She hugs his neck and shoulders from behind his chair. Danny tries to twist to meet her as much as possible but stops quickly with a wince at the tearing sensation it causes. Reaching an arm up and touching her wrist will have to do for ‘hugging’ back.

“Hey Jazz. Glad to see ya. Who’s this?”

“You all have horrible manners. You fail to introduce Cain, Fenton,” Damian intones, “Danny, this is Cassandra Cain, one of my father’s adoptive children. You had not met her while you were Jamie because she was abroad protecting Hong Kong and learning the culture of her birth.” While he speaks, Damian speaks with his hands as well. Oh, was that ASL? Danny never learned, but Jazz took it as her second language in high school. Danny had opted for Spanish, which had been easier to bullshit his way through when he didn’t really know the answers because he hadn’t had time to study.

Who must be Cassandra Cain signs back. Before Danny can ask what he’s said, Jamie’s piped up.

“Nice to meet you too Cash,” To Danny’s bewilderment, Jamie signs as he speaks. For the last word (which was probably meant to be ‘Cass’, not ‘Cash’), he repeats the motion Cassandra had made, taking his hands in relaxed claws facing his shoulder and then bringing them forward and turning his wrists to make mirrored ‘C’s. That must be Cassandra’s name sign. Danny at least knew that much- that you make your own name sign or have a family member or friend assign it to you. He isn’t sure what sign that’s a modification of. He’ll have to ask later to sate his curiosity. Sam seems to take notice of Danny’s bewildered expression at Jamie’s signing.

“Jamie- how do you know sign? Did you learn that while you’ve been living here?” Little Jamie scrunches up his face in confusion, shaking his head wordlessly from Dick’s lap.

“New Ghost ability?” Tucker suggests.

“,هل يمكنك فهم ما أقوله؟” Damian asks a question in arabic.

“نعم لماذا؟ لا ينبغي لي؟” comes Jamie’s reply. He doesn’t even hesitate or speak brokenly. Danny isn’t an expert, but he almost sounds native.

“Yep. New ability,” Sam, Jazz, and Tucker intone in sync, not even surprised by the ghostliness anymore.

“Where was that when I was bullshitting my way through Spanish…” Danny mumbles.

“Danny, language. There are little ears about,” Alfred scolds, having taken his own seat at the table beside Bruce. Danny mumbles an apology. He wasn’t used to being around little kids. But if Jamie is like Danny (which was obviously more than likely the case, they had been the same person at some point, after all) he was going to develop a mouth like a sailor in a couple of years anyway.

“O MEA. Ma intelegi fiule???” Papa Dick asks. Woah, Danny didn’t know Dick could speak another language. He isn’t sure which one.

“da... Papa de ce este asta atât de interesant. Am probleme?” Dick frowns at that for a moment, but then pulls Jamie into a hug, resting his chin on the top of his head before pressing a kiss to the crown of his head.

“No Turtledove, it’s wonderful you can speak Romani. It only connects you to me even more. That’s the language your grandparents gave me.

“Oh,” comes Jamie’s reply, small and shy and reverent. A small smile creeps onto his face and he kicks his feet absentmindedly with glee, like a puppy wagging a tail.

“Turtledove?” Jazz asks, turning to Danny.

“Had to be there,” he shrugs with a sly grin.

Cass signs something Danny can’t follow, but doesn’t speak while she signs. Mute or limited speech then? Or could it be personal preference? Jazz picks up translating.

“Cass says it’s nice to meet you all! She has been in Hong Kong like Damian said for the last close to a year. She finally found the time to come back and visit. She was dying to meet her nephew, Danny!” Here, Jazz gently puts a hand up to interrupt Cass, “We’ll have to explain in detail later. It’s complicated, but your nephew is actually named Jamie. This is Jamie. Jamie, this is your aunt Cass,” Jazz says, gesturing to Jamie and then to Cass. Cass’ eyes widen with understanding and then she clearly apologizes about something. “Oh well, he didn’t change his name because… I mean Jamie could be… but that’s not what this is about. Jamie uses he/him. He just wanted a different name. I can explain it to you later.” Oh had Cass assumed Jamie was a trans little girl? Well, Jamie was a gender neutral enough name. With that and the growing his hair out, Danny supposes he can understand the confusion. It was sweet Cass was so ready to be so accepting though.

“So how did you and Cass become such pals? Didn’t you just meet?” Danny asks, still digging in for fourths despite everyone around him having slowed in their breakfast endeavors.

“Well Cass messaged Bruce last night that she was going to be flying in as a surprise and asked if he could have someone pick her up at the airport. We got to talking a little about her and he mentioned that she signs. I got really excited- I NEVER get the chance to sign with anyone! So I offered to pick her up! We chatted on the drive back using her phone with text-to-speech and have been chatting with sign the rest of the morning. It’s been so nice to practice! Thank you for that again by the way, Cass,” Jazz speaks in a blur the way she always does when she’s particularly excited about something. Usually, it’s reserved for psychology and history. The whole time, she signs as she speaks, just as quickly. Cass waves her hands in a ‘don’t even worry about it’ motion with a wide smile.

“Give me the baby,” Jazz translates for Cass as she excitedly signs with her hands and then motions with a universal ‘gimme’ hands gesture.

“Mmmm, not a baby,” Jamie grumbles as Dick laughs, picking his son up and handing him over to Cass. Cass holds her nephew for the first time, giving him a hug and kissing him on his temple. Jamie doesn’t stay cross with her for long, giggling and tucking his head into her shoulder shyly. He mumbles something into her shirt. Cass humms, taking up the pitch at the end as if to ask a question, wordlessly communicating, ‘ah what was that? I didn’t hear you?’. Jamie lifts his head from her shirt barely a fragment, but enough to be understood.

“You smell lemmomy.” Jamie’s still pretty groggy from his lack of sleep, tripping over what’s probably supposed to be ‘lemony’. Cass smiles and giggles, pressing a raspberry into Jamie’s cheek. It sends him giggling madly, kicking his little feet in joy. Danny smiles. Oh yeah, this kid is gonna be in good hands.

After they’ve finished breakfast and helped Alfred clean up (who tried quite adamantly to refuse help, but Bruce and Dick especially insisted, though they all pitched in in this way or that), Alfred insisted upon checking on Danny’s wounds again he had Danny lie down flat on his back on a couch in a sitting room to get an good view. 

“They’re progressing much faster than I would anticipate from a human, Danny. That’s wonderful news. Your healing factor must be kicking in. Frostbite said it likely would soon,” Alfred remarks. The rest of the group except Bruce and Sam had peeled off to get a movie ready in another room, which they were going to do after. Danny is grateful- he can’t exactly physically do much while he finishes healing and a movie sounds great. 

“How long do you think it will be until he is fully healed?” Bruce inquires. In his tone, it’s clear that he’s worried Danny will pop his stitches and exacerbate his injury. Which- fair. The bat probably has had many a kid do exactly that. The hypocrite- he’s probably done the same himself. 

“At the rate at which he’s going. Maybe a few more days, though really Danny, you should take it easy longer than that just in case. I’m working via guesswork here,” Alfred says in his British accent, finishing rewrapping his torso and putting the medical supplies away. Just to spite the butler, Danny flashes to phantom form, floating up off the couch and back into the chair before flashing back. See he can do transfers himself! But his point is a little muddled by the muted “oomf” he fails to stifle completely at the feeling of weight returning to his aching body and bones after such a short stint of weightlessness. It was the contrast that gets him, Danny thinks. Sam puts an arm around his collarbone in a loose hug from behind the chair. Bruce frowns.

“Then I’ll really have to get going back home. Amity probably needs me and my parents are probably going nuts thinking I’m dead or murdered in a ditch somewhere. They don’t know I’m Phantom,” Danny explains to Bruce and Alfred. Which…. The two look back at him with an odd expression as if they know something he doesn’t. What did they talk about when Danny was asleep all day yesterday?

“About that…” Sam starts as she wheels him towards the movie room to join the others. 

 

~~

Jamie

~~

 

After breakfast with everybody, Papa carries Jamie to the movie room and he and his family and friends start collecting blankets and pillows, making a little bit of a nest for the movie they’re going to watch. Alfred had to check up on Adult Him and Bruce and Sammy stayed to help. Jamie had wanted to help too, but Papa had insisted he’d be better at building a pillow fort. Jamie’s pretty sure he’s built pillow forts before, even if he can’t remember. So it must be true that he’ll be good at it.

He finds out quickly he is wrong. He doesn’t know how to build a pillow fort! Frowning grumpily, Jamie tries to restack the pillows for the fourth time. They keep falling down! He has a vision of them in his head, stacked tall like a turret, but they don’t stay on top of each other long enough to build a second turret and drape a blanket between them. Jamie huffs again, gathering the freshly toppled pillows.

“Here, Turtledove,” Papa offers, helping him pick up the pillows. He scoots a chair over instead, offering it to Jamie, “If we tie the blankets up on chairs like this, they’ll be sturdier. We can use the pillows to sit on instead. They’re not all that stackable.”

But it doesn’t look the way Jamie wants it to! “No! I wanted to make a pillow tower,” Jamie says, stomping his feet. Is he being a little incottage… incorrible…. Incorrigible (ooh yeah that was the word!)? Maybe. But he can’t bring himself to care. After his nightmare last night, he can’t really filter out all his grumpier feelings. All his emotions just feel so big today! He wonders why. Even Papa offering him to pick the movie hadn’t assuaged his mood! Which- Jamie’s had enough movie nights with his family to know how big a deal that is. A lot of the time the bigger boys fight over which movie. Uncle Jason and Papa have wrestled for the honor before. Papa had won! The other time, it was Uncle Tim, Uncle Damian, and Uncle Jason that all fought. That time, Uncle Tim had won! It was almost more fun watching them fight than watching the movie.

Papa sighs, big and deep. He’s been doing a lot of that this morning, actually. Jamie wonders if he’s sick? But when he checks his Papa’s aura, it doesn’t seem really all that off. Maybe a little tired? Oh is Jamie tired too? He thinks so. Maybe that’s why he’s so cranky. But he doesn’t feel ready to take a nap? He’s wide awake. How weird. Jamie blinks slowly as his vision turns a little silly.

That’d started happening after he split from Adult him- from Danny. It was going to be a little silly getting used to calling someone else Danny. But he’d meant it when he suggested he go by Jamie. It’s nice to use the one name his Papa’d given him! Jamie blinks again, trying to adjust his vision but it keeps going wonky. Since his split from Danny, every once in a while, a purple outline of reality strays from what's going on around him. Then something happens, and the purple poofs away. Sometimes what the purple did, reality did a couple seconds later. But sometimes it didn’t? It was a little strange. But the purple color reminds him of Clockwork’s portals, so it makes him a little happy when he sees it. That makes it less scary.

This time that the purple outlines had strayed, his own hands (in purple) in front of him stack the pillows in a circle, and then stack another layer of pillows in a circle over that, making a little brick pattern. This time, the stack doesn’t fall! When the purple outline clears away with a blink, Jamie moves to copy it, fulfilling the vision. When he gets to the third layer, he runs out of pillows.

“Well- will you look at that! Jamie, you’re a little architect!” Tucker declares in praise. Jamie beams with pride, his grumpiness disappearing. He does a little happy wiggle and bounces down from the couch, running to the closest room he knows has more pillows. Now that his legs work, he runs everywhere, like if he doesn’t appreciate the ability enough it might go away. He scoops up the biggest, fluffiest pile he can and sprints back to the movie room. To his delight, Papa and his new Auntie Cass had followed him, returning with their own armfuls of pillows (which were thankfully much larger than Jamie’s, as they have longer arms). Together, they finish building two pillow turrets just as Jamie had wanted to in his brain. This time, they stay! And they drape a giant blanket from the two turrets and the couch. After a held breath, they stay in place!

“That was really smart, Jamie!” Jazz ruffles Jamie’s hair with a smile. At this, Jamie gives another happy wiggle. A little white light flashes from behind him. What?

“Woah!” Tucker exclaims in surprise. Jamie spins around, trying to see what was behind him. OH it was his Uilnow tail? But he was still a little boy? It wags out of his control behind him, complimenting the little happy wiggle he’d done earlier. With all the attention in the room turned on his tail, Jamie’s feeling terribly shy again. He tries to let his rings wash over again to remove the tail, but they don’t come. Drat! Jamie tucks his tail in between his legs, putting his hands around his back and over it, trying to hide it while he runs under the pillow fort, hiding behind the blanket curtain. Jazz, Cass, Papa, Damian, and Tucker all peer inside from the front. Jamie’s glad Tim had peeled off to do homework. He doesn’t think he could take even one more set of eyes on him! He stops resisting the urge to shirt turtle and tucks into his sweater collar.

“Awe it’s alright Turtledove. No one’s making fun of you,” his Papa coos, bending down and crawling into the blanket fort to be with Jamie. Jamie peeks an eye out of his shirt.

“Can…. Can everybody stop looking?” Jamie squeaks, but when he peers to the opening of the pillow fort, everyone’s already left the entrance. Jamie sighs in relief. A white flash goes off behind him and he turns around to find his tail gone once more. Oh that was a relief! He doesn’t want to be the only one with a tail. None of his aunties or uncles had one! It was a little different when he was an Uilnow. He was supposed to have a tail then. But now he was a little boy and he wasn’t! This stuff was confusing.

“Thnku,” Jamie mumbles quietly under his breath. Papa doesn’t make him leave his fort, instead allowing them to sit together beneath the fort while they wait for Danny, Sam, and Bruce to come back after his checkup. Jamie’s core is a little nervous that Danny had to have a checkup. He vaguely remembers disliking them even before the…. Well, nevermind. Danny is with Grandpa Bruce, he’s sure he’ll be safe! The rest of his friends and family chatter lightly outside the pillow fort and Jamie’s pretty sure somebody throws a pillow at someone else at some point, but it’s definitely in a playful way. Everybody’s auras are light and happy. Good. That makes Jamie’s core feel toasty and cozy.

Until a bad emotion enters the movie room. And it’s ten times worse than an angry aura, because it’s an angry core. The feeling from it is clearer and more tangible like a slap across the face rather than a pinch on a shoulder.

“YOU TOLD MOM AND DAD????” Oh that’s Danny’s voice. Had Sam wheeled his older self/other self back? Jamie and Papa listen from beneath the pillow fort. Jamie can tell his Papa is antsy and debating leaving him to go out and see what all the commotion is about, but Jamie fists the edge of his Papa’s shirt into his hands anxiously and he stays, hugging Jamie tight instead.

“Danny- I”

“THIS IS JUST GREAT JAZZ. Just GREAT! Were you even thinking??? I can’t even go back now- I - they’ll-” but Jazz interrupts him. 

“Listen little brother.” Danny shuts up. Jamie can’t tell what everyone else is doing or if they’ve filed out of the movie room. Should he and Papa leave? Is this a private conversation? Jamie can feel Danny’s anger peeling off of him in thick tentril-like waves, shadowy and tasting bitter. Jamie shifts uncomfortably from his place in the fort and Papa slowly shifts him into his arms, probably getting ready to take them out of the room. Good. Jamie buries his face in his Papa’s shirt.

“They’re sorry,” Jazz starts slowly, “I had to tell them Danny. School was getting suspicious and we were sure it wasn’t going to be long before CPS and the police got involved. I’d made up a cover story but if mom and dad weren’t in on it it wasn’t going to fly for law enforcement. They had to know. They… they didn’t believe me at first… but once they let me walk them through everything… Danny- they were devastated. They both sobbed. Even mom,” Jamie’s papa halts at this. Is he waiting for the right opportunity to leave without being rude and interrupting? Jamie can’t tell, “They’ve always been distractible, but stared in the face with what happened, they were so, so sorry. They miss you. They won’t-”

“They’re SORRY?” Danny’s core slaps outwards in emotion like the flick of a massive wolf’s tail, powerful and irritated. Jamie almost recoils physically with the sensation, “Oh that’s really convenient. I’m sorry my death made them sad but not sad enough to notice. Maybe if I’d become a full ghost it would have been better because they’d have a better test subject. Or if I hadn’t come back at all. Then they would have at least gotten to grieve!” Jamie can tell Danny’s spiraling now in a way he hasn’t allowed himself to in years. Jazz’s silence says a lot about how shocked she is. The inky tendrils of Danny’s core are whipping wildly about, curling in random patterns and darkening the air around him. It’s odd to see even though he cannot see beyond the blanket curtain, but Danny’s emotions from a full core instead of an aura are so strong. Jamie scrunches his nose. That bitter scent is becoming very overwhelming to his senses. It’s a little like that time they got caught in a mob of paparazzi. Except then, it was all the different auras tearing in different directions and smells and colors at once. This time, it's only one core but the magnitude of it is tenfold what Jamie’s used to. His throat dries and his chest heaves uncomfortably.

One of the whipping core tendrils that Jamie’s pretty sure only he can see gets far enough to touch him, and a shiver travels up his spine. The pit in his stomach tightens. He’s never been able to touch any of his family’s auras, but this feeling is slimy and wet like gross filmy swamp mud. It makes Jaime want to puke.

“ I’M sorry their son’s existence wasn’t distracting enough to yank them away from the portal that killed him. I’M sorry it hurt them to be told something they should have figured out years ago. It only took me being missing for- let me guess- days?” After a pause with no response: ” Weeks ???” The hurt in Danny’s core hurts Jamie like a strike to the stomach, stinging and raw and shocking, “They weren’t even asking where I was??? They were down in the lab and you had to drag them out into the house to tell them?” Danny is shouting at this point. Jamie has had enough. He’s not sure what he should do to get out of this situation but he no longer cares about being rude like he thinks his Papa does. Jamie scrambles out of his Papa’s arms, using a little bit of intangibility to get the job done, flashes into an Uilnow, and flies out of the fort and then the room, not bothering to look behind him as he searches for a safe spot. 

After taking a brief second to throw up on the carpet down the hall (sorry Granddad Alfie), he finds himself in his playroom/classroom. During his time in the manor, one of the smaller libraries had slowly become Jamie’s. Alfred had added a blackboard where they practice Jamie’s reading and writing, and a lot of his toys are in there too. The lego pirate ship sits proudly on a table across the room after him, Uncle Jason, and Grandpa Bruce had finished it together. Jamie pads over to the couch and hides behind it, sitting on the floor where he flashes back into a little boy. He curls around himself, sniffling a little. A few moments pass, and adult him Danny enters the room, his core no longer angry. Jamie sniffles again. He doesn’t want Danny to see him cry. Earlier, Cass called him a baby. Jamie’s small, but he’s NOT a baby! His cheeks burn red in embarrassment at having been caught crying.

“Hey…. kiddo,” Danny says awkwardly. Jamie feels awkward too, talking to the older version of himself. The one that has all the memories he’s missing and the ones Jamie has too. Jamie’s a little afraid Danny will tell him something he doesn’t want to know. A lot of the memories from before he’d had were so mean. M’gann had helped lock some of them away, but what if Danny told him stuff that made him remember more bad things? And what if Danny wanted to take Jamie away from his new family??? Jamie can’t see himself wanting to do that, but Danny had so many more memories than Jamie had. Jamie’s kindof been trying to avoid talking to Danny as much as he can. It had been easy yesterday because he’d been asleep. But now…

“Can I sit here?” Adult him- Danny (it’s weird, but he really better get used to calling him that) is in Phantom form, floating beside him. Jamie nods stiffly. Danny places himself down gently before flashing back human, wincing a little as he does so and half reaching for his torso before abandoning the motion and turning his attention back to Jamie.

“I’m sorry I was angry…Jamie,” Danny apologizes. 

“S’okay. You needed to get it out,” Jamie replies honestly.

“Woah, since when were you so emotionally intelligent? You didn’t learn it from Bruce,” he teases, ruffling Jamie’s hair fondly. Jamie’s anxiety and nausea ease up a bit and some of the tension in the room abates.

“I can feel it in here,” Jamie pokes Danny’s chest hesitantly.
“Oh right,” says Danny.

“You’re… angry, but you just shove it all down and it feels all tight like when you take a piece of bread and it floats, but then you squish it all hard down like a rock and it sinks.” Danny doesn’t seem to follow his metaphor very well. Jamie tries again.

“It feels bad. Like…. choking. Like sitting on a bunch of uneven pebbles and they’re going into your skin really hard. Or like walking on legos.”

“Oof it feels as bad as walking on legos? That’s pretty bad,” Danny smiles slightly. Jamie can tell he’s trying to lighten the mood a bit. But his face is one of understanding and apology.

“YES!” Jamie says, exasperatedly, “You gotta feel your emotions, but…. I just don’t like being around angry, okay? It tastes bad. Feel them… but let me leave first?” Jamie isn’t really sure of his suggestion at the end. Was that reasonable to ask? Is that something people do? Jamie can’t remember from before and he doesn’t know if he’s asking too much and-

“I’m sorry I was angry around you. Let’s make a deal. I focus on another emotion other than anger-” Jamie moves to protest, but Danny puts a hand up, saying ‘let me finish’ without words, “I didn’t say I’d shove it down. I’ll just focus on a different emotion right now- one that’s less painful for you. And I can get my anger out later when you’re asleep. I can find a ghost and we can brawl or something- you know how much they love that. Deal?”

Jamie hesitantly nods. He’s not sure he remembers too much of ghosts ‘brawling’ but it sounds a bit like when his aunts and uncles spar. And they never hurt each other when they do that, so it must be similar.

A purpley vision decides to overlap with reality then, giving Jamie a slight dizzy feeling at the front of his brain near his eyes. He watches the scene play out while they sit in silence for a few seconds. Then his vision snaps to normalcy again.

Then, Danny tries to get up.

“Oof, bad idea.” He tries to flash back to Phantom form, but the white rings sputter and disperse, leaving him still as Danny Fenton.

“Let me just… Let me just lay here for a little bit, kid, and then I can get enough energy to turn back and we can head back in for that movie, kay?” Danny closes his eyes and leans back against the couch, allowing his neck to drape over the back of the armrest in a cartoonish 90 degree angle.

“We could go back now,” Jamie suggests with a little shrug. 

“I’m a little too tired to change back. I think my healing factor’s taking a lot outta me right now, Jamie,” Danny concedes. 

“What if you didn’t change back?” A wicked smirk spreads across Jamie’s face as he remembers the purpley vision he saw just a few moments ago. This one was going to come true.
Notes:

    The water buffalo dialogue I thought was so funny ahaha I hope y'all find that humorous it just kinda spontaneously happened while writing and made me smile.

    Translations for non-English in this chapter…

    “,هل يمكنك فهم ما أقوله؟” >>> “Can you understand what I’m saying?” -Damian
    “نعم لماذا؟ لا ينبغي لي؟” >>> “Yes, why? Shouldn’t I?” -Jamie
    “O MEA. Ma intelegi fiule???” >>> “Oh MY. Do you understand me son???” -Dick
    “da... Papa de ce este asta atât de interesant. Am probleme?” >>> "yes... Papa, why is this so interesting? Am I in trouble?” -Danny

    If any of those aren’t completely accurate, I just used google translate so my bad.

    Cass’s name sign is a modification of the sign for ‘courage’ with C’s for the hands

    Thoughts Sweet Finches? I should tie this fic up in the next chapter or two. Dick and Danny still need to have a heart to heart and there will be a short epilogue that shows where everyone winds up. I'm still heavily considering a rewrite of this fix once all is said and done as I have lots of ideas for how this could have been written better with pacing/timing of learning information to make it less confusing etc. I would love any and all feedback on things you would have loved to see or changes you think would make this fic better for if/when I do my rewrite.

    Also, for the rewrite, should I just leave this fic as is and post another that's titled something like Uilnow rewritten? How would y'all like me to go about that/recommend I do so? Thank you to you all as always my Sweet Finches!

Chapter 33: Conversations Part 3- Dick
Summary:

    The group watches their movie and Dick and Danny have a heart to heart.

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 33: Conversations Part 3- Dick

 

~~

Dick Grayson

~~

 

“But if he needs-” but before Dick can finish, Damian cuts him off, stopping him where he paces back and forth in the movie room in front of the fort.

“Dick, he has quite literally been the same person as Jamie. Do you really not think Danny will know what Jamie wants to hear? I think he has this well and handled. You are coddling.” And…. Damian does have a point. The last few days with all the revelations have been a LOT and he’s found himself a bit more than protective of Jamie.

Was….. Danny (it was still an adjustment to use the name for the veritable stranger of a 19 year old, even if he can clearly see Jamie’s face in his own) planning on taking his son back to their dimension? What did Danny’s role of King mean for Jamie? Does it make him a ghost prince? Dick was only just starting to get his mind around the sheer amount of powers Jamie apparently had that had been lying dormant while his core was healing. And they hadn’t even made a complete comprehensive list. He’d all but fainted when Danny and his friends had started casually listing off powers even most of the JL didn’t possess. 

But the language acquisition ability was a delightful surprise. Dick is going to infuse Romani in so much of Jamie’s life now! He had already been thinking of adding it to his reading and writing lessons with Alfred. Which, maybe he still should. That ability might not transfer to reading and writing. After all, then wouldn’t he already be fluent in English reading and writing? Maybe it was just speaking languages that came so naturally. And for Jamie to already know ASL and Arabic? How convenient was THAT for their big bat family??? Maybe Dick should teach himself Arabic for Damian. Dick hopes Damian would appreciate the gesture. His English was more or less perfect (If a bit formal), but that didn’t mean the demon brat wouldn’t appreciate another person to speak with him in his native tongue. Bruce had already been learning it in bits and pieces.

Dick’s so grateful that Vlad Plasmius is safely locked away in the thermos, but what about all the other ghosts Constantine had mentioned that might try to win the throne? Might be after Jamie? Or would they all be gunning for Danny now specifically? Dick can’t help but guiltily feel a little bit of relief- Danny is much more capable of taking care of himself than little Jamie. But still, Dick doesn’t want the kid in any danger! Ghost King or not, Danny’s only 19 and clearly been through enough trauma for 8 lifetimes. He can’t help if a bit of his protectiveness for Jamie bleeds into his alternative counterpart.

Dick resumes pacing, but reluctantly listens to Damian, stopping himself from going off and finding the pair to reconcile things himself. But isn’t that his job as Jamie’s parent? And…. is he Danny’s parent too? They’d been fighting about Danny’s and Jazz’s parents, but Dick doesn’t know the whole situation, but it sounds bad. Does Danny need help? But Dick is only a little older than Danny himself, how would that work? Dick notes to himself that he might have an adoption problem as bad as Bruce if he takes Danny in too. And/or his sister, Jazz. Jazz who, after Danny’s outburst, has been sulking off to the side of the room rearranging the same small pile of pillows over and over again. Dick would like to comfort her, but he’s a bit consumed in his own worries right now. He leaves that to Cass, who’s strode across the room and reoccupied Jazz’s worrying hands with ASL as they converse quietly. Dick smiles, opting not to eavesdrop on their signing. Cass is always so good at comforting others under stress, though how she learned to do so with her upbringing, Dick has no idea. Perhaps it’s just her nature.

His continued pacing can’t loosen the taunt bowstring feeling pulling down the length of his whole body like all his nervous system is ready to fire. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he knows Roy would probably appreciate the analogy. Or groan at it if Dick delivered it as a pun. Most likely the latter, honestly. Dick makes a mental note to get Jamie and Lian together soon. He’s been meaning to introduce the two forever, but Roy's been offworld for the last several months and Lian’s off with a relative in Maine. Dick is excited to introduce the two, but he’s pretty certain he’ll regret it when the chaos gremlin that is Lian corrupts his son with her mischief. The musing is dashed a moment later when Dick hears mad giggling echoing from down the hall. His little Turtledove is a chaotic gremlin in his own right, when he wants to be.

“Put me down!” echoes muffled in harmony with the mad giggling, which is clearly coming from Dick’s son. He darts into the hallway before Damian can stop him, followed closely by Jazz, Damian, Cass, Sam, and Tucker. Tim ducks his head out of his room at the far end of the hall to take in the scene, clearly having simply wheeled himself in an office chair to peer out without bothering to stand. He makes a brief assessment of the scene, makes eye contact with Dick, and rolls himself back in the room, shutting the door behind him, likely under the ‘eh, he’s got this’ mentality.

In the hall, Jamie’s bouncing on the ground in little joyful jumps, hands glowing a little purple. Danny, to the group’s surprise, floats halfway to the ceiling, tilting half upside down. But he isn’t in phantom form and his body is encased in purple liquified light. It’s an odd way to describe it, but it’s like looking through a lava lamp, the purple shifting and moving around Danny in a semi-gelatinous looking mess. But somehow, Dick knows if he were to touch it, he would feel nothing like light streaming through the air. Dick wonders how this would look to Duke. Is this how he sees the world? Auras? It’s enough to give Dick a headache thinking about it. Now he knows why the kid wears sunglasses so much of the time.

“Put me down!” Danny repeats, floating now at a half upside down diagonal facing the other end of the hall as Jamie floats him backwards towards the movie room. Danny’s plea is only half-heartedly panicked if Dick can place the smile in his voice correctly. And as Danny spins in place to slowly face them, Dick sees that he’s right in assuming his smile.

“Jamie! Put him down!” Dick calls, but the split second the words leave his lips he realizes his mistake and adds, “GENTLY!” to the command. He’s infinitely relieved he does, because the purple light/substance disappears, leaving Danny to fall fast towards the ground. Dick gets out ‘gently’ in time, because it reappears when Danny’s centimeters from face planting on the ground, only to disappear a second later and allow Danny to plop into the carpet face and torso first. At least it greatly slowed his descent.

“You good man?” Tucker asks, chuckling. A muffled ‘peachy’ can be heard through the mouth full of hall carpet and Danny comedically lifts a thumbs up without bothering to lift his head. Dick remembers Danny’s injury and correctly assumes it’d probably hurt too much to haul himself up off the floor with his own arms.

“Here, let me just,” Dick says, picking Danny up under his armpits and setting Danny on his feet. He crouches down slightly to wrap an arm around his upper torso, supporting him underneath his shoulder.

“Thanks P- Dick,” Danny blushes furiously and the verbal slip doesn’t escape Dick. Dick smiles gently as not to tease Danny or further his embarrassment and he pretends he doesn’t hear it. 

“New ghost thing?” Sam and Tucker ask Danny together in synchrony. 

“New ghost thing.” Danny parrots back with a semblance of a casual shrug. Dick helps him into the movie room and situates him in the pillow fort.

“That’s something Clockwork can do, so I guess I shouldn’t be surprised,” Danny offers as the rest of the group follows them into the fort, laid out to face the giant wall of a movie screen opposite it. Damien takes control of the remote to look for a movie. Jamie shuffles over to him, placing himself in between and in front of Damian’s legs, practically in his lap. He ‘gimme hands’ for the remote, pouting when Damian doesn’t give it to him at first. Jamie reminds Damian with a little whine that his Papa promised he could pick the movie. Damian pauses, considering for a moment before gently handing Jamie the remote and instructing him how to use it. They sit together clicking through streaming services and movie selections, chatting back and forth about what movies look good. Damian concedes he hasn’t seen most movies and doesn't really have an understanding about film. Dick’s heart clenches a little at that. Damian has lost so much of his childhood to the league. But in the time he’s been at the manor he has had plenty of movie nights with the family, so they’ve at least begun rectifying it. And there will be more movie nights to come after tonight as well. The thought is reassuring. Dick smiles. 

Damian does seem to enjoy movie nights, especially with copious amounts of popcorn, one of the only junk foods he openly indulges in. It seems like he’s been especially interested in film noir caper style films, which Dick can’t forget are Bruce’s favorites as well. Damian tries to suggest several films like that to Jamie, but he keeps clicking towards the movies with more bright and colorful title cards.

As that interaction goes on, Danny speaks beside Dick: “Listen, Jazz. I’m sorr-”

“Don’t even sweat it little brother. We can talk about it later. I get it,” Jazz interrupts, leaning over to hug Danny in a side embrace.

“Oof careful of the stitches J!”

“Oops, sorry!” Dick scoots over to Damian and Jamie to help them pick the movie, leaving Danny to his trio of friends/family to chat and catch up a bit. Jamie decides on ‘How to Train your Dragon 2’, refusing to watch the first one first because the second poster ‘looks cooler’. Damian concedes because if there are dragons involved, it is ‘likely to be interesting’ but Dick can tell he’s geeking out a little internally. Dick smiles. It’s nice to see Damian’s inner kid come out and something about being around Jamie has really helped him do that. 90% of the way through the movie, everyone is passed out napping except Dick and Danny. Jamie lays strewn across Dick’s lap, drool streaking down his cheek. Damian is curled off to the side with his arms tucked in his armpits, leaning on a mount of blanket and pillow. Tucker and Jazz are comically thrown across one another like bean bags and Sam leans against Danny’s side, her head snuggled into his ribs gently and one arm thrown across his lap. Dick desperately wants to talk to Danny now that they’re a semblance of being alone, but he doesn’t know how to begin.

“Sorry he didn’t want to watch the first one first,” Dick offers to start. Danny, who had clearly been lightly starting to doze, focuses his attention back on Dick.

“Oh that’s alright. Very ‘me’ move.”

“What do you mean?” Dick whispers back. They speak in hushed tones to avoid waking the others.

“Well, when I was in fifth grade, Jazz was hounding me to read the Harry Potter series. I’d been meaning to and was planning on it, but she kept telling me over and over that I needed to read it. I got annoyed, so I started with the seventh book first just to be petty.” Dick chuckles at that. Such a sibling move. He can see Jason’s aghast expression clearly in his mind at the prospect of Danny so blatantly disregarding this unspoken literary rule.

“And unintentionally, I had a giant nosebleed like halfway through the book, ruining her copy. She didn’t talk to me for like, two whole days.” Danny smiles at his telling of the story with fondness dancing in his eyes.

“You missed her,” Dick states as a fact, not a question. Danny nods, still smiling. Dick isn’t sure if he imagines the slight sheen in Danny’s eyes.

“Oh yeah, big time. I couldn’t really remember her, but I felt it missing in my core. My fraid. That’s Jazz, Sam, Tucker, and our friend Valerie. I can’t wait to see her too.”

“Your friends and Jazz, but not your parents?” From Dick’s understanding of Frostbite’s explanation, a Fraid was a found family, or family by choice. But it was common for biological family to be encompassed in a ghost’s Fraid. Danny seems to hesitate at that and for a moment, Dick thinks he’s overstepped a boundary. But then Danny answers.

“I… I love my parents… but I don’t think they’ve really been my parents for a long time. I want them in my life and I love them, but honestly? I think Jazz raised me more than they did.” Dick can hear the wistfulness in his voice. The longing. He doesn’t really know the whole situation, but after Jazz and Danny’s tiff earlier, he can put together some of the pieces.

“It sounds like they’re not mad at you. For being Phantom, I mean. It might not be as bad as you think, going back.” Something in Dick’s heartstrings pulls at the mention of Danny returning to his home dimension so soon. But it will only take a few more days to heal more fully, and Constantine had offered to portal them back to drop them off when the time came. Once he’s ready to go, there'll be nothing anchoring him here, right? Dick isn’t sure why he cares so much, he’s only really just met Danny. But an instinctual part of him recognizes that even if Danny isn’t Jamie- isn’t the son he’s been raising the past half a year, that he kinda still is in a way. Dick wonders if the feeling is anything similar to when Clark discovered Conner existed. Dick hope’s he’s handling this better. Even if it’s a pretty different circumstance, he can’t help that from coming to mind.

“I guess so. I just,” Danny huffs a sigh, “I just was always nervous how they’d react. I guess that doesn’t make any sense. They were really supportive when I came out as queer. But I just…. I just didn’t know how to tell them. They were always making comments about how they wanted to destroy Phantom, and they were always dissecting blob ghosts. I just… I couldn’t help but imagine myself under that knife. What if… What if their love for me just wasn’t enough if they knew?” Dick can tell this is the first time Danny’s really allowing himself to admit these fears out loud.

“When I was Jamie… I remember having a lot of nightmares that didn’t make sense. I get it now though, since I remember. There was one…. There was one early on when I came here where my mom removed my larynx to see what caused my ghostly wail. And… That never happened to me but it was SO vivid and scary. I think… I think Jamie’s dreaming of ulterior timelines. Things that happened in other versions of reality but never in real life. Some of the nightmares were memories, but I think most of them from what I can remember was stuff that never happened. A lot of them were things I had never even worried or thought about. I’ll have to ask Clockwork if there’s any way Jamie can focus the ability to stop having nightmares.” 

Dick’s mind pulls in multiple directions with that. He’s glad some of the nastier nightmares weren’t real- they’d already confirmed as much with M’gann in therapy. But it hurts to hear they could be alternate timelines and not just purely based in fear. That Danny’s parents could do something like that to him… even in an alternate timeline? But still, Dick mentally shakes his head. His parents here and now (or rather here and now in their dimension, potato potahto) didn’t do anything like that. And it sounds like they’re incredibly sorry for the sadness they have actually caused, if what Jazz said earlier has any merit. From the short bit Dick’s gotten to know her, she doesn’t seem like the kind of person to needlessly defend them.

And then Danny’s mention of Clockwork, that ghost of time that was like a grandfather to Danny. Was…. was he Jamie’s Grandfather too? Did Clockwork’s tether to Jamie sever when he and Danny separated into two beings? Does his grandfatherly relationship extend to them both? Perhaps even moreso to Jamie who now was a temporal-cored ghost? Dick isn’t sure which he’d prefer. The anxiety of Danny and now maybe Clockwork attempting to take Jamie away eats at him, but wouldn’t it be distressing for Jamie to have a grandfather and then not, and not understand why? Does Jamie remember Clockwork? View him in such a light? It’s such a delicate tightrope they’re walking on and Dick doesn’t want to make the wrong move and fall, but he doesn’t have all the information he needs and asking in the wrong way might tip the balance more than he can handle.

“I. I would appreciate that. I know Jamie would,” Dick responds, perhaps a bit lamely.

“You-,” wow Dick was maybe getting way in over his head here, but he can’t help but offer, “-you are welcome to stay you know…  If you want. If things don’t work out well with your parents… or just if you’d like to.” Dick tries to keep his tone intentionally neutral, not relaying either way which outcome he would personally prefer. This is about Danny. About what’s best for him and what he needs. Dick can’t be selfish. He can’t dare to hope. This isn’t Jamie. This is an adult who owes Dick absolutely nothing. Who has a family back home and friends and a life.

“I appreciate that… Dick,” Danny addresses him awkwardly, as if still struggling to adjust to calling him his first name, “But I think Jazz is right. As much as I’m scared shitless about them knowing, I think I need to hear them out and let them apologize. I think…. I think I’ve been so scared of things going bad if they found out, that I’ve never really let myself consider that things could be so much better if they did know. That it could go well. When I came out as queer, I pretty much knew they’d be all on board. They’ve never been shy about their opinions about anything, and they’ve always been allies. But… They’ve also never been shy about their opinions on ghosts and it was so bad that I just… I didn’t think they were open to being open about it, you know?” Dick can understand. He hadn’t had too many adjacent experiences, but he supposes it was like deciding to tell someone about Nightwing in a way. There was a reason he mostly only dated other vigilantes or heroes- they understood on a level others could not. And it was terrifying trying to out himself to a civilian, not sure if they would accept it or end things, or if they would out him and his identity if they so wished. Other heroes? They got it though.

“That’s pretty brave of you, son.” Dick doesn’t realize he’s said it until the words have left his lips. He had meant it in the way that Bruce often calls any male kid ‘son’ as a general term, not a familial one. But with the situation as is… did that make Danny nervous? Before Dick can spiral too much, he looks to Danny quickly to catch any sign of annoyance, embarrassment, or anger from Danny. He wasn’t trying to replace his parents!!! For God’s sake he’d JUST said he was planning on hearing them out and trying to patch things up! But to Dick’s great relief, Danny’s expression is grateful and sympathetic. Dick’s anxiety is probably written all over his face. He smooths out his own expression, trying to recover from the slip.

“Thanks,” Danny says, brushing it off in much the same way Dick did earlier when he’d started to call him ‘Papa’ before catching himself.

“You know,” Danny begins again, “I do have a dimension hopping Dog named Cujo,” Which. Wasn’t that a wild sentence? “I could come visit sometime?” Danny’s voice is slightly unsure as if he isn’t sure if it’s polite to invite himself. Dick’s heart settles, that taunt bowstring releasing because of so many implications the question holds. Of course he can. And of course he isn’t taking Jamie away. Dick’s heart warms at getting to know Danny, this adult version of Jamie. Dick chuckles softly, making sure not to do so too loudly as to wake the others, especially the sleepy lump across his lap, who clutches his stuffed poodle tightly in one hand by the paw.

“As long as you’re willing to let Damian meet him. He’s become rather obsessed with dog training.”

“Deal. Hey- does he still need to train Titus for Jamie? I mean, he can walk just fine now, right?”

“I don’t know if you knew, but Damian was actually training Titus for your mobility and your malfunctioning ghost powers. When you’d fall through the floor, Titus had been picking that up. Damian was thinking of a way to train him to alert him before it happened to make sure you could get to safety or get help from one of us. Kinda like a diabetic dog or a POTS dog. Jamie might be over his mobility hurdles, but from what Frostbite said, he’ll likely still have some influx in his powers for a good long while as he’s a child ghost and just a child in general.”

“That makes sense. You seem to know a lot about service dogs.”

“When Babs first got hurt- I’m not sure you’re aware but she lost the use of her lower body after a work related incident with the Joker- anyway- When Babs first got hurt, I didn’t really know how to handle it. I really wanted to help and I wasn’t really sure what I could do. I was still Robin at the time. I researched service dogs a lot, but that wasn’t what Babs wanted. She wanted to cultivate her own independence for herself, and she was able to find ways to incorporate that without a dog to help. It’s a point of pride for her I think. And besides, to some people I think a dog is more effort and energy than they’re willing to care for, even an incredibly well behaved and trained one.”

“That makes sense. A lot of the stuff I’d imagine Babs could need a service dog for, she can do with tech. Jesus, don’t let Tucker know I said that. He’d probably declare his undying love for me.” Dick laughs at that. With the way Tucker always has his phone buried in his absurdly modified PDA, it’s clear he’s a big tech geek.

“Jamie’s really lucky to have you, Dick.”

“You can have us too if you want and ever change your mind.”

“Thank you.” And with that, they set their eyes back on the movie, watching the ending scene in amicable silence.
Notes:

    The Harry Potter book anecdote is actually pulled from my real life! That happened with me and my sister. Yes, I did read the 7th book first out of spite in the 5th grade and then ruined her copy with a giant nosebleed lol oops. The ending scene of HHTD2 I’m referring to is when the village elder puts the mark of a chief on Hiccup’s forehead and Gobber announces ‘the chief has come home’. Thoughts on this chapter Sweet Finches? Sorry it took me a while, I had a hard time getting going on writing the scene where Dick and Danny have a heart to heart as I feel like I’m a perfectionist and wasn’t sure the perfect way to set it up or go about it.

Chapter 34: Ghostly Family Reunion
Summary:

    Danny continues to heal and is reunited with one of his ghostly allies. Danny's POV

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 34: Ghostly Family Reunion

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

The next few days were spent in board games, swapping vigilante/hero stories, and meals with the Wayne family while Danny recovered. His healing factor was really kicking into gear and his torso was almost entirely healed. It was still a little surreal observing Jamie from outside and as a separate being, but Danny was getting used to it. His core was already fiercely protective of the little guy.

“And this is Penguin, and that’s Cujo, and that’s Clockwork and Sammy and Tucker and Papa and Jason!” Jamie squeaks excitedly, shoving a crayon drawing into Danny’s face.

“Are they having a tea party?” Across the room (the one that had become somewhat of a play room for Jamie), Jason balks in surprise at the thought of being at a tea party. Tim guffawed outright. Little Jamie frowns deeply, pouting at Tim’s laughter.

“Yes. And there’s nothing wrong with that! Uncle Dami likes tea!” he stomps his foot a little.

“I think your drawing is great, kiddo,” Jazz says, ruffling Jamie’s hair in a familiar gesture. She was SO eating Jamie up. Danny hadn’t let her ruffle his hair like that in years. She was pouring over Jamie with affection at every chance she could get. It made Danny smile warmly.

“But I think you made the penguin sideways. Is it napping?” Tucker asks with a chuckle.

“No it’s not a penguin, it’s Penguin, his stuffed poodle,” Danny clarifies helpfully with a shrug. Jamie nods, looking back down to his drawing and tilting the paper a little bit, obviously frustrated that Tucker hadn’t been able to tell it was a poodle. He sets the page down and scribbles furiously over the Penguin part of the drawing, kicking his feet back and forth a little while he works.

“Got any 8s?” Tim asks Sam, who forks over three of them with an exasperated expression.

“You have to be cheating. Sure you don’t actually have powers? Or maybe x ray vision contacts in?”

“Nope. Just boring ole people powers. And card counting skills. Thank yooou,” Tim says, sliding the forfeited cards across the table into his hand.

“I still don’t know how you do it. The hero stuff without powers. I’d die like 8000 times a day without my ghost powers.”

“I did!” Jason offers from across the room, eyes not leaving his book. It looks like he was reading Handmaid’s Tale, Oof that book was brutal from what Danny can remember of the bits and pieces he’d managed to read for class last year. He’d spark-notes a lot of it.

“Dark humor, love it. You fit right in with us, man,” Tucker says, grinning over at Jason, who shrugs with a smirk of his own. Tim’s frowning, but the group pays him no heed. Dark humor didn’t always land with certain people, but it was more for the person coping than the audience anyway. At least in Danny’s experience. When Jason had come over and met Danny and Jamie both, he’d taken the development with surprising grace. His response had been ‘I see weird fucking shit all the time. Half my friends are magic users and one is a superman clone. I can handle a split personality takin’ physical form’. That wasn’t really what they were, but close enough. Since Jason shared his own death story, Danny was delighted to learn that not only had his prior Uncle (still Uncle? Danny’s head was still adjusting) also died, but he had a wicked dark sense of humor about the whole thing. He tended to groan at death puns though. Oh well, you can’t win them all! Jazz had lamented with ‘not another one’, much to Danny’s own amusement.

“You think Clocky knew all this would go down the whole time?” Sam asked, refocusing the conversation before asking Tucker if he had any 2s. He didn’t and she went fish.

“I feel like he had to, right? I mean there must have been a reason he stole me outta the vat,” Danny reasons. That had been niggling at him a bit too. He’d endured so much at Gotham Intergenic Works, which he remembers much more now than he had when he was Jamie. How could Clockwork have not only let that happen, but orchestrated it? But another part of him looks at Jamie and understands. Without it all, Jamie wouldn’t exist, and the thought makes Danny sad, even if it meant he’d had to endure quite a bit of suffering to get here. Still, he still has some choice words for his grandfather the next time they meet. Amidst his confusion and annoyance, above all, he misses the grandfather clock so much his core aches with the feeling.

Almost as if the thought of him can summon like a spell, a purple watery portal rips through the room. To Tim’s, Dick’s, and Jason’s great surprise, none other than Clockwork floats out himself! As the portal closes behind him, the ghost in his elderly form allows his ghost tail to split into legs in a rare show of the form. In seconds, Danny’s leapt to his feet and launched himself at his grandfather.

“CLOCKWORK!” He cries, perhaps a bit too loud for his friends’ ears. Clockwork catches him tangibly in a massive hug. Danny feels his robe curving around him to join Clockwork’s arms in the embrace, like a burrito. He presses his face into the ghost’s robes, allowing the ticking of the glass clock in his chest to reverberate against his cheek. Clockwork laughs melodiously, deep and rumbly in the manner he takes in his elderly form. Danny’s core thrums in completion, the hole of loneliness and longing filled instantly by his ghostly guardian.

Sam and Tucker fidget from their places at the table, clearly uncomfortable. They’d never quite gotten why Danny had become so close with Clockwork, but they’ve always respected their relationship even if they didn’t understand it.

“Oh dear boy, I have missed you immensely. You have no idea,” Clockwork pats Danny on the shoulder, signaling him to step or float back to meet his gaze. Clockwork’s glowing red eyes squint in a smile, his scarred eye squinting closer shut than the other in a crinkle Danny recognizes well.

“Did you miss me a whole fucking lot?” Danny asks with a feral grin, trying to get the old man to curse in a knowingly futile effort. To Danny’s gleeful surprise, Clockwork shifts into an age not too unsimilar to his own and replies: “The fucking most, Daniel.”

“PLEASE TELL ME Y’ALL HEARD THAT! FUCKING FINALLY! I’ve been trying to get him to curse for years !” Danny bonus excitedly, explaining sideways to Tim and Dick at the Go Fish table. Jazz groans

“We’re never gonna hear the end of that. Thanks Clockwork,” Jazz says with a hand pinching the bridge of her nose. Clockwork grins mischievously, shifting into the age of a younger child, not unsimliar to Jamie’s age. Jamie scoots forward shyly, abandoning his drawing. But he says nothing, toeing the ground and not meeting Clockwork’s gaze.

“Oh, ugh, Clockwork- Jamie. Jamie Clockwork,” Danny introduces awkwardly. He never knows what Clockwork’s been viewing in his timestream. It’s likely he already knows who Jamie is, but if his creation was far less likely statistically speaking in the timestream, it’s possible he could have not foreseen these events. But Clockwork smiles knowingly down at the young child, a deep fondness already purring out from his core. One usually only reserved for Danny.

“Oh I know. My, how I have waited to greet you little one. I am so sorry things have had to play out the way they have for us to meet, but this was the best path forward. I hope you understand. It is a complicated thing, time.” Clockwork, still in his child form but speaking in his formal manner, steps to Jamie till they are eye to eye. He shifts to an adult form, maybe mid forties, and remains at eye level by staying knelt on his rare knees instead of his ghostly tail. He reaches out and takes Jamie’s hand in his, urging the shy kid to meet his gaze.

“I- I understand,” Jamie offers with a brave but tentative little nod, no doubt thinking of his sparse memories at GIW and contemplating Clockwork’s statement. Clockwork, boldened by the lack of a flinch at his touch from Jamie, gently pulls the boy into a hug. Danny beams. This feels like having a brother, if Clockwork is both of their grandfather. It’s the role Jamie seems to increasingly be taking in his heart in the past several days.

“Though I have mourned the path to your creation little one, I have loved you since I foresaw the possibility of you. Daniel-” Clockwork says, leaning away from the hug and meeting his eyes once more, “I cannot-” he falters in a rare moment of unsureness. Danny’s not sure he’s ever seen Clockwork stammer in such a way.

“I cannot apologize enough for failing to find a better outcome for you. I searched the timeline again and again and again and this was the only route I could see that led to your ultimate happiness. You seem to be a magnet for despair and ruin, child.”

“Well that wasn’t ominous at all,” Tim cracks. Danny smiles sadly.

“I get it, Grandfather. I just have shit luck. Thanks for picking the best path, even if it hurt a whole hell of a lot.” Clockwork seems to ease with this understanding, his core loosening its anxiety. Danny wonders how it feels to Jamie who can sense it stronger and in more ways than he can.

“So you’re Danny’s grandfather?” Dick asks.

“And young Jamie’s, should he have me,” Clockwork replies smoothly, shifting back to an elderly form with his long white flowing beard. Jamie seems to catch onto the old form now where he hadn’t prior reacted, perhaps because he’d been too busy looking at his shoes.

“Santa?” He asks with awe in his little voice. Tucker chuckles.

“Naw but you can meet him sometime if you want. Maybe right after Christmas when he takes his yearly one week break,” Tucker adds.

“ Santa is REAL?” Jason pipes up in astonishment, his book falling to the side. Dick, upon seeing the look on Jason’s face, bursts out into laughter, tears springing to his eyes.

“Yes, Jason Todd, and I do believe you’ve been good this year. So be expecting a visit from him,” Clockwork teases with a wink. Jason scoffs with an amused huff.

“Yeah right. Me- good!” But Clockwork’s smile doesn’t abate. Wait was he serious? Danny has to make a mental note to use Clockwork’s connections to figure out what Sam wants for Christmas. Just because she celebrates Hanukkah doesn’t mean Danny’s not going to get her a Christmas gift too. The thought reminds him of his impending departure from the dimension at present. As excited as he is to return- to see Valerie and Wes and sleep in his own bed again, Danny’s going to miss this place and these people he’s called home lately. This wasn’t the end of course, there would definitely be a way to visit, but Danny thinks of how to go about that best.

“Hey, Clockwork- once I am done healing and head back, I’ll need to figure out a way to visit. Do you think I could figure out how to make inter dimensional portals? I mean I could ask Cujo or Wulf probably, but do you think I could learn to do it on my own? It’s gonna be a little inconvenient if I gotta rope them into helping me every time. Wulf can be kinda hard to track down with his travels and as much as I love Cujo, he’s not exactly the most well trained dog. I would probably spend a while hopping through dimensions before finding the right one and I don’t really want to get stuck,” Danny asks. Clockwork takes a second, his red eyes flaring slightly brighter. He’s no doubt checking the timestream to see if such an accomplishment is possible.

“I’m afraid not, Daniel, but young Jamie here may yet become quite prolific in the skill. You see, portal creation is not an ability innate to an ice core, but it is to time cores, as well as dimensional cores such as Wulf and Cujo. In time, I could teach your brother.” Danny’s core chills satisfied at the acknowledgement of Jamie as his brother, a puzzle piece slotting into place. Dick smiles wide. At the same time, Danny’s mind blue screens a little bit. Wulf and Cujo had what-now cores??? He…. did not know that.

“It will be great to have someone who can help as Jamie’s powers develop,” Dick takes ‘dimensional cores’ in stride without batting an eye. But Danny supposes to him that’s just as wacky as a time core. Danny supposes he’s right, though Danny’s become used to the concept of a time core through his grandfather. “I take it you’re willing to help mentor him? It’s your fault he’s here, of course. Not that I’m not grateful for it!” Dick blathers comedically, stumbling over his meaning.

“Of course. Time cored ghosts are rather rare, as are Uilnow. I would be honored to tutor a fledgeling in my arts, as I have been with Daniel.”

“And I don’t even have a time core! Think of what Jamie could learn!” Danny beams proudly at his little brother. At all the attention drawn to him, Jamie turtles into his shirt. Dick smiles and crosses the floor to scoop Jamie into his arms, gently rubbing his back and coaxing him out of the next of his sweater.

“And we never quite got an answer to that- what is an Uilnow, exactly?” Tim asks. Danny finds himself falling back on a regained memory- one he hadn’t quite remembered during his time as Jamie.

He’d been getting ready for a festival in the Far Frozen with Frostbite on a rare occasion of actually being able to make one of their solstice celebrations between school, his personal life, and ghost fighting. Frostbite had been inviting him to them for ages and it seemed that their culture has endless year long celebrations with rich histories and deeper meanings. Each one was distinct and Frostbite had been disappointed he couldn’t attend every single one. Danny had only originally agreed to attend this one out of compounding guilt at disappointing his mentor, but he found himself enjoying the preparations. This celebration was one for a seasonal flower that only blooms in the harshest, coldest condition of the year. Any other ghost or being would be trembling with the force of the blizzard warring on in this part of the zone, but Danny’s ice core vibrated with excitement and merriment. Several child yetis flit about Frostbite and Danny, braiding flowers into their fur and hair respectively while giggling madly as the pair accept their pampering to humor the children.

“What was the last celebration I missed? Something about a fox? Are all of your holidays centered on plants and animals?” Danny jokes conversationally to fill the silence.

“Not quite, though much of our culture does surround the reverence of the world around us.” Danny smiles. He’s always loved Frostbite’s insistence to refer to the Far Frozen as ‘ours’ in regards to Danny. To him, Danny’s ice core makes him just as much kin as the yetilings flitting about them.

“Centricagon is a celebration of the Uilnow, a foxlike and owlline creature in your human terms, though to us it is a being in its own right and category. They are exceedingly rare and one has not been seen for many millennia. It is said in Pandora’s culture that they symbolize great change and personal transformation and are closely associated with Proteus, as he possesses a transformative ability and Uilnow are shapeshifters by nature. To us in the Far Frozen, they are the personification of innocence and pureness of heart. They are, first and foremost, treasured precious children. To set eyes upon an Uilnow brings great luck and gives hope to the sick.”

“Don’t you mean heal the sick?” Danny’s heard many tales of creatures and remedies in the ghost zone that are practically miracle cures for ailments. And especially in such a medicinally minded and talented culture like the Far Frozen, he’d been surprised the Uilnow wasn’t a magic cure all outright.

“Not quite. Uilnow do have a healing bite, but the strongest magic lies in their healing melody. Their song inspires hope to those in the throes of sorrow and despair in their illness. Sometimes, hope can heal the mind and body more efficiently than medicine and treatment.” Danny took a moment to ponder that. It made sense, in a way. Jazz was always talking about the power of positive thinking and positive psychology. Granted, it was usually annoyingly when Danny was spiraling and just wanting to be left alone, but still. 

“So what do they look like? What do you guys do to celebrate them if there’s none around?”

“They’re a bit like an arctic fox, but with the ears of its’ fennec cousin. They have small budding antlers at the top of their forehead and large owlish wings. They range quite a bit in color and in decoration. Some have spotted wings while others are colorful as a rainbow. Oh here, this might be simpler,” and with that, Frostbite lifted a book he pulls from seemingly nowhere, although Danny supposed it wasn’t unlikely it was just sitting on the table beside them the whole time. The Far Frozen was a cluttered place like a well traveled wizard’s lair. Tiny tables stacked with books and baubles and trinkets were commonplace, especially in Frostbite’s own dwelling it seemed. He flipped to a page and showed Danny the image of an Uilnow, this one light icy blue with fluffy speckled wings. They reminded Danny of the stars and his core thrummed with delight. The antlers of this one were a glittering silver.

“It’s so cute!” Danny cooed, unashamed. The yetilings crowded over his shoulders to see the picture in the elder yeti’s grip and Danny scooped the female one into his lap, ruffling her head and tickling her stomach. She wiggled with glee, snorting and chuffing in her little bearlike way. The male one scrambled to fit into Danny’s lap as well, a tight fit considering their bulk. Yetilings were comparatively larger than their human counterparts of a similar age. Still, Danny allowed them to battle it out until they managed to find peace perching on his crissed-crossed knees. The female one put a hand on the page, looking at the drawing of the Uilnow with reverence Danny could recognize as having been ingrained into her by the previous Centricagon celebrations she’s had in life. These little guys really were sacred to the Far Frozen.

“Yes, they are quite charming. It would be delightful to meet one one day the next time one is born, though it is said one could live many lifetimes between the formation of an Uilnow. They are considered neverborn and are exceedingly rare. It is part of what contributes to their importance in the great Way.” The great Way, the Far Frozenite ‘circle of life’ belief system attributed every being and thing, living, once living, and neverborn in a great cycle of continued change and growth. It was a pretty beautiful way of thinking, though Danny could be a little biased. There was something glittering and shiny about the idea that Danny was part of two ways of being- live and dead- rather than not belonging to either. The Far Frozen Way painted his halfa-ness as a special trait rather than a freak of nature, and it eased some of his anxiety to simply feel accepted and even cherished as he was.

“-and they are apparently super sacred to Frostbite’s peeps. Jamie’s probably the first one in existence in a bajillion years or something, right Danny?” Danny zones back in on the tail end of Tucker’s explanation of Uilnows. Oops he had been zoning out.

“Oh right! Yeah Frostbite said they hadn’t been seen in millennia.”

“Wow, that’s wild!” Dick beams. Something occurs to Danny then and his core tenses in anxiety a bit. Jamie seems to tense with him, not understanding why but following Danny’s emotions. He forces himself to smooth out his racing mind before it can take off for Jamie’s sake.

“Oh speaking of which, Clockwork, what kind of core does Skulker have? I’ve never seen him open a dimensional portal like Cujo or Wulf, but is that something he can do? With his obsession being what it is, does Jamie being rare make him a target?” Dick protectively hugs Jamie a bit tighter with that.

“While it is not entirely impossible for the hunter to make his way through different dimensions, he himself is not a dimensional core and cannot form such portals. He would have to utilize the portal of Wulf, Cujo, myself, or a similar ghost, but the ability is exceedingly rare. I do not think not see it as likely that Skulker could possibly locate young Jamie here,” Clockwork says, indicating Danny’s mini me with a long spindled hand. Danny lets out a sigh of relief.

“That’s a relief. Hey- maybe Skulker will spend so much time trying to find him in a fruitless effort that I could have Saturdays off,” Danny jokes. 

“Perhaps, but do not forget you yourself are still a rare bounty in his eyes. He will not likely give up his pursuit of you, even if another desirable target may draw his eye.

“UUGH,” Danny moans exaggeratedly, flopping down back into his chair, “is it too much for a guy to hope for a day off once in a while?” Sam smiles, sitting down next to him and pulling him into an awkward half hug between their two chairs.

“For you? Yeah,” She teases, but her eyes are full of mirth. It cheers Danny a bit.

“But really, little brother. You do need a break now and then!” Jazz chastises.

“Maybe chat about that next time Technus or Johnny come knocking, kay?” Danny chuckles, imagining Jazz dragging either by the ear for a scolding on Danny’s rest habits and how he needs a break. He can almost half see it working, too.

“Technus? Skulker?” Jason asks. And with that, they spend the next hour or two regaling stories of Danny’s ghost fighting life from Technus and Skulker to the Box Ghost and Johnny. Jazz, Sam, and Tucker all thankfully leave out the more terrifying exploits in favor of not scaring Jamie, much to Danny’s gratification. Danny’s surprised as Clockwork stays through the conversation, not really joining in, but settling comfortably in their company longer than he usually does. Clockwork usually prefers to watch from afar in Longnow rather than converse and socialize amongst the living in person. Had he missed Danny that much? The thought hugs his core like a comforting blanket. 

At one point, Damian returns from whatever volunteerwork he’d been busying himself with, flanked by visiting Stephanie, Barbara, and Cass. Bruce and Alfred had found their way in and joined as well. The atmosphere felt very much like scary stories by a campfire, but with no pranks or screaming- just silly tales of Danny’s goofier exploits. By the end of their story, Jamie is nodding off and the sky outside has grown rather dark.

“Mm, It’s getting dark,” Bruce grunts in the stoic quiet way of his.

“We’d better get going to patrols,” Dick agrees, picking up what his adoptive father was putting down. Slowly, those present with Gotham vigilante status (including ‘Agent A’, whom Danny insists counts as a vigilante alias) file out of the cozy room to don various domino masks and cowls down in the cave. Dick turns to Jazz before following his family.

“Can you watch Jamie tonight?” It surprises Danny at first before he remembers just how much the two have been chatting it up about parenting books and psychology in the last few days. The comment Danny made about Jazz knowing the most about raising a child Danny comes to mind.

“Always! I’d be delighted. C’mon little Turtledove, let’s get you in PJs,” Jazz says, leading a sleepy Jamie by the hand out of the room. Sam and Tucker excuse themselves as well, citing sleepiness and telling Danny they’ll see him whenever he goes to their guest room, still the one with the massive bed prime for their cuddle pile. He waves them off with a yawn. Now, only he and Clockwork remain, sans Titus and Alfred who sleep by a nearby fire.

“It’s nice to see you sticking around. I know you don’t like people much,” Danny concedes.

“It is not that I do not enjoy company, but rather that I enjoy doing it in silence and solitude in Longnow.”

“That doesn’t really count as company though, does it?” Danny teases with a cheeky smile. His grandfather shifts to that of a preteen.

“No, I suppose it does not. Are you anxious to see your parents again tomorrow?” Clockwork changes the subject perhaps a bit abruptly. He says ‘tomorrow’ with a little red glare in his eyes, so Danny supposes he’s looked to the future to see that Danny chooses tomorrow to return home. His throat tightens a little at the premise. Spoilers much?

“I ugh… from what Jazz says, they’re chill with the whole…” Danny trails off, indicating to all of himself.

“You just gestured to all of yourself,” Clockwork points out oh so helpfully.

“I know, that’s the point,” Danny says with a sigh.

“It will be alright, Daniel.” Clockwork says with a knowing smile and a gleam in his eye. Danny dearly hopes he’s right.
Notes:

    Sorry for the time it’s been since the last chapter. My writing stamina dwindles and the busyness of my life continues. Saoirse is just about 6 months old now and her training is going great! If not time consuming. Penguin is also still thriving. She finished her last round of chemo and is on oral meds for at home. Her X rays and ultrasound show no further spread of her cancer thus far! So great news. Her fur is starting to grow back which I'm estatic about. I love her even when she's bald but BOY I've missed her fluffy coat! Also the ‘gestured to all of yourself’ is most certainly a How to Train Your Dragon reference to anyone who didn’t immediately pick up on it. Enjoy! This story will be wrapping up in the next chapter or three depending on how I separate out the remaining plot. I know I keep saying that but it keeps being true until it isn’t lmao. I could have added more to this chapter, but my motivation was dwindling and I figure I'll just put it in next chapter and make you not have to wait as long by posting this one as is. Predictions? Thoughts? As always my sweet finches, please comment below <3. I read them all

Chapter 35: Homecoming and Epilogue
Summary:

    Danny and Team Phantom return home to the Fentons in Amity Park and an Epilogue 5 years later. Danny and Jamie POVs.

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 35: Homecoming and Epilogue

 

~~

Danny

~~

 

The next day, the whole of the batclan in all of its members (bat, bird, or otherwise, minus Duke who still wasn’t able to tear himself away from college. Danny resolved to meet him the next time he visited) and team phantom gathered around in the batcave in preparation for Danny and his friends to return home. Danny finds himself shifting foot to foot in nervous energy, his hands carefully grasping the thermos that contains Vlad. Clockwork was still around, which was an exorbitantly long time for him to spend in the extended presence of mortals. While Danny was glad for it, he was a little weirded out by it. Still, he supposes it just shows how much Clockwork’s missed him.

“And…. And you’re sure Mom and Dad-” Danny asks, turning to Jazz for the millionth time. It didn’t feel real that they knew. That they’d apologized and were ready to welcome Danny and Phantom with open arms.

“Yes Little Brother. You’ll see,” Jazz offers with a warm smile. Danny scans Sam’s face again while gripping her hand in his and cannot find any argument with the sentiment in her eyes. It feels surreal that he’s returning to an Amity where his parents know. Half of him (probably the ghost half) yearns to stay in Gotham- to never return to Amity and risk everything. But he has to trust Jazz and his friends. If his parents really do support him, he has to know how that feels. It’s something he’s convinced himself for years would never happen and is why he’d never told them himself. But now, in the presence of his friends, the Bats, and Clockwork, it feels real that the day’s arrived to find out.

The group looks to Clockwork, who looks fondly to young Jamie.

“Would you like to try, little one?” Clockwork asks gently, using a nickname usually reserved for Danny. Part of Danny’s core thrums at the inclusion of his mini-me, the part that cries ‘brother’ when Jamie’s around. It’s very pleasing. Jamie takes a little nod, not revealing much of his emotions on the matter as he steps forward slowly but confidently from Dick’s knees. He seems intent- focused on the task at hand.

“Can you reach deep down and feel your core, ghostling?” Jamie closes his eyes, the tip of his tongue just barely sticking out from between his lips in concentration.

“Very good. Now feel the edges of your core, map the very physical makeup of it. Every ridge and strand of light. Every pulse and thrum as it shifts and feels.” As Clockwork instructs Jamie, Danny can’t help but follow the exercise himself. It’s a similar one that Frostbite taught him when he couldn’t control his ice powers when they’d first developed. It feels like a form of very intimate meditation.

“Good. In that map you’ve made in your core, focus on the lower rear left of the sphere. Imagine a tiny tiny space within it, no bigger than the prick of a needle,” Danny squints an eye open at this, making sure Jamie isn’t fazed negatively by the mention of needles, but Jamie remains hyperfocused on himself and his core. The white underside of his long hair glows faintly golden, illuminating his neck and jaw. He outstretches his palms forward and to the floor as if balancing himself on an invisible table.

“This will make you quite tired creating a portal at this age and stage in your development, but it should be possible. It will become easier with time as you age and your core settles. It will not hurt you, but you will want to rest afterwards for a few hours. Perhaps a nap,” Clockwork says this more to Dick than to Jamie. Dick nods in understanding, obviously wanting to step forward and hug his son protectively, but maintaining his distance as to respect the portal creating process.

“You’ll likely be too drained to close this portal this time. I will take care of it for us today, but over time you will be able to handle the open and the close, my dear boy. Now focus on that needlepoint in your mind and your core and press until you can feel a poke break through the surface.

Jamie’s face screws in further concentration and his hands glow a faint purple, the same color as Clockwork’s ectoplasm, which Danny supposes is probably integral to time cores the same way his powers are either neon green or icy blue depending on the ability. He’ll have to ask Clockwork about it more later. A small purple dot forms in the air in front of the assembled group, slowly at first but then rapidly expanding into a watery purple disc in the air. Jamie’s hands cease glowing and he stumble-waddles back to his Papa, making ‘up’ hand motions. Dick raises him into his arms and the kid snuggles his head into his neck sleepily, yawning loudly. Wow it really did tire him out just like that. He blinks towards team phantom, lazily waving a hand. Danny waves back and takes in the faces of each and every bat. His gaze lingers on Dick first, then Bruce, roaming over the rest before landing on Damian, who doesn’t meet his eyes. Danny takes a step forward towards him and before Damian can protest, he’s wrapping the boy in a firm hug. Damian tenses, surprised, before softening and allowing the hug to occur.

“Thanks for being his Uncle, kid,” Danny says. He looks around at Jason, Tim, Stephanie, Cassandra, and Barbara through his hug, making sure that they know the sentiment applies to them as well. He smiles warmly at Bruce and Alfred as well, who return the expression.

“Take care of him for me. He’s never been so spoiled and cherished before. You guys will make him so happy and safe. I’ll be back to visit when I can.” At ‘safe’, Danny can feel the very sleepy Jamie’s core thrum in happiness once more. The kid transforms into an Uilnow and scrambles to find purchase on Dick’s shoulder, wrapping his large fluffy tail around his neck and refolding his wings a few times until they tuck flatly against his back. Danny turns back to the now 6” portal, holding Sam’s hand in one of his own and Tucker’s in the other. Together, the trio and Jazz step through the portal, followed by Clockwork. When they reach the other side, the portal disappears, as does Clockwork.

“Well I guess his social battery konked out,” Tucker snickers. Danny looks around them. They’re definitely at his house in Amity but things are in even further disarray than usual. Usually clutter can be mostly confined to the kitchen, the lab, and the dining room, but standing here in the living room, it’s clear that the messiness has spread to this section of the house. Various research papers litter the coffee table and side tables and emptied drink containers from various fast food places litter the same surfaces. There’s crumbs in the carpet and the air smells staler than usual, like the pluggable air fresheners haven’t been replaced in a while. Are his parents even still living here??

“Jazz, was it like this when you left?” 

“Yeah but not quite on this level,” she admits, picking up a glass casserole dish empty of contents but still dirty. It looks like it might have been there overnight

But before Danny can ask any more questions to Jazz, Madeline Fenton strides into the living room, a mug of coffee in hand and goggled eyes trained down on a set of papers in her hand. She almost doesn’t notice them for a moment, but when she does, she stops short, using the hand holding the papers to nudge her goggles to her forehead. She stops, staring so intently on Danny in a way he hasn’t felt in a long while. He shifts awkwardly a little, nervous the glare will turn sinister with the knowledge that he’s Phantom, but it doesn’t. Are those… tears welling in her eyes?Jack Fenton walks into the room with a similar one mindedness on some type of gadget in his hands until he bodily bumps into his wife, almost knocking her over.

“Hey Mads- what the-” But his words are cut off when he lifts his eyes and finds the group too.

“Hey,” Danny offers lamely. Sam squeezes his hand in support, He hadn’t realized she’d still been holding it. Tucker still holds his hand on the other side as well.

“I know I’ve been gone almost a year and I don’t have an excuse and Jazz said you know about Phantom and before you shoot me or dissect me I just need you to hear me out-” Danny word vomits in all one stream, barely pausing from one word to the next. But before he can finish his last sentiment, he’s being crushed in a hug. Usually, bone crushing hugs were courtesy of one Jack Fenton. Mom’s never been much of an enthusiastic hugger; more content with a polite side hug upon a greeting or goodbye. But it’s not Dad’s embrace Danny finds himself in, but Mom’s. Danny’s stumbling words dither to a stop in surprise. He wasn’t a stranger to his mom’s hugs, but they weren’t usually so intense. The intensity is only tripled when his dad hugs around them both, lifting them off the ground slightly in his exuberance.

“Dad! You’re smothering them!” Jazz cries, but Danny can hear the smile in her voice, bright and grinning ear to ear. Dad puts them down and steps back, his own face absolutely beaming in joy.

“Danno we’ve missed ‘ya so much! We’ve been working on a dimensional gun to try and come find ‘ya! It’s like a pocket variation of the ghost portal but it can be calibrated to all sorts of different dimensions- look!” Danny’s dad shows him the gadget in his hands, a clunky brightly colored gun made from a mishmash of spare parts from the lab. In showing Danny, he all but points it directly at him.

“Wooooah Dad. That’s neat but don’t blast me, intentional or otherwise,” Danny cracks. But at that, his mom winces.

“Oh, sorry Danno, you got me!” his dad switches the gun off. It had been ON when it had been pointed at him???? If it hadn’t been a normal occurrence in his house since he was seven, Danny would say something. Being as it may, he was used to it.

“Sweetheart. We- I’m so sorry we- When we- We didn’t know. We will never shoot you with any of our weapons ever again,” Mom offers, speaking in an uncharacteristic misshapen stream of thought. Usually Mom was so concise and clear-spoken. Danny had been half expecting to yell at his parents. To scream how could they not notice like he had at Jazz. But as soon as he tries to will the words to his throat, it dies off. He feels he must have got it out of his system with his sister, however unfair of him it had been at the time. And seeing his mom now with tears in her eyes? Receiving the apology and dare he say acceptance that he never thought in a million years would come? Danny hugs his mom back in earnest.

“I missed you too.”

“Where have you been Danno??” Dad implores. Danny looks at Sam and Tucker, nodding. He’s safe with his parents. Safer than maybe he has been in a really long time. They nod back and quietly depart, presumably to head off to their own homes. Then just the Fentons remain. Danny and his parents shove aside various doom piles of junk from the couch and sit with Danny between them. He finds himself leaning on his Dad here and there as he launches into the story of what happened to him. Jazz excuses herself to the kitchen, already taking an armful of fast food trash with her and likely to start making them all a pot of coffee. This was a long story and they’d need the energy.

Danny had made it through the bare bones, skipping over some of the more traumatic parts like the details of what happened to him at the GIW in the other dimension and the state they’d found Vlad in (Well, Danny had kinda skipped over any mention of Vlad specifically, referring to him only as a ‘ghost foe’. He wasn’t really sure how to tell them about Vlad if they didn’t already know).

“But I don’t understand, Boyo. If you were a munchkin again, which I would have paid to see- you were such a cute laddie!”

“What don’t you understand, Dear?” Mom redirects Dad, who had sidetracked himself enough that it was looking like he was forgetting his initial question.

“Oh sorry Dan!” Danny cringes a bit at that particular nickname, but his Dad doesn’t notice. His mom might, but he isn’t quite sure. He isn’t used to this much direct focus being placed upon him by his parents- not in a long time at least. 

“If you were a munchkin this whole time by ghost shenanigans, how were you taking care of yourself? Surely this other dimension doesn’t just let toddlers run around on their own?”

“I was six, not a toddler, but there was a family that took me in. Jamie- my split, stayed back with them and they adopted him.”

“But if you only split from Jamie right before you returned home, does that mean you were with them this whole time while you yourself were de aged?” Mom asks astutely. Danny leans back against his dad, turned so that his legs lay against his mom’s lap. She gently rubs his calves in a half hearted massage. It’s like she’s desperate to soothe her son in some way but doesn’t know how to go about it. Danny decides he likes the feeling. 

It feels strange to almost be cuddled by his parents again. He feels like a little kid begging to snuggle up in their bed at night instead of his own. But he’s not a little kid any more and the sentiment is a bit embarrassing. He’s 19 (wait is he 20 now???), an adult in his own right. But… can’t find himself embarrassed enough to actually move from his spot. He palms his hot mug of hot chocolate (Jazz had made coffee for her and his parents but hot chocolate for him, much to his annoyance. She was always babying him, even now!), taking comfort in the warmth in his hands.

“Yeah. I was with them. They…. They adopted me and when we split, we decided it was the Jamie half that they’d adopted. But this one guy- Dick- he was my dad for a while.” Danny was a bit nervous his dad would be angry at being replaced. He tilts his head upwards so that he can see his dad’s face behind and above him and gauge his reaction. There is undeniable hurt there, transparent in the way most of Dad’s emotions were. But it’s brief, replaced by a sense of clear gratitude.

“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you Danno. But I’m really glad you had someone lookin’ out for ‘ya. I’m also glad. I’m glad Jamie stayed and not you. I wanna meet him at some point, but it’s you we missed,” With the last part, Dad ruffles Danny’s hair in a Jazzlike fashion (or rather most likely in a way Jazz picked up from the man in the first place) and hugs around Danny’s chest.

“And you….. And it’s still me you missed even if I’m…. him?” Danny looks to his mom at this, anxiety still gripping his core in habit any time his parents had ever come close to the truth of Phantom. His mom sends a sad smile his way, rubbing a soothing circle into his calf with her thumb.

“A lot has changed since you’ve been gone, son. Jazz told us everything. And we mean everything,” Danny thinks back to the one time he’d overshadowed his dad for a parent teacher conference with Mr. Lancer. Oh shiitake mushroom he was going to have to apologize for that, “but we’ve also had a lot of time. We were going to suggest we can figure out how to cure you of Phantom, but as Jazz has explained it to us, that’s just not possible, nor would it be healthy for you.”

Jazz is nodding, a barely veiled expression of pride upon her face. She’s clearly had to talk to them about this a lot in the time Danny’s been gone. He wonders how long they’d spent on a cure before they’d shifted their efforts to the dimension gun. In a way, maybe it’d been good Danny had been away long enough for Jazz to convince them that Phantom wasn’t broken. That he wasn’t- isn’t. Was that part of why Clockwork hadn’t come to collect him sooner? That and for his core to heal enough to split into himself and Jamie? Into Uilnow and Phantom?

“Yeah. Phantom… it’s just part of who I am now. I’m not a ghost, but I’m not human either.” Danny half expects Mom to deny it. To hold tight to the idea that he is still human or could regain his full humanity. But to Danny’s continued surprise she simply says: “I know hon” with a sad acceptance in her eyes. Hope burgeons in Danny’s heart. They… they really weren’t mad? Or going to shoot or dissect him? Some of the dreams he’d had as Jamie before the split…. The ones they theorized were alternative timelines…. It hurt that even an alternative version of his parents could be so evil, so cruel. But…. this is Mom and Dad. HIS Mom and Dad in there here and now, and they weren’t removing his larynx or carving him open. They were apologizing and telling him they loved him over hot chocolate and coffee in the living room, openly talking about Phantom without even a lipstick blaster raised at him. That had to count for something.

The actions people take cause them to change, grow, and transform. His parents could have made choices that had led them to become completely different people. Danny finds tears warring for release in their ducts, his core fluttering in utter thankfulness that his parents. His real parents in this timeline had made the decisions they had- had become the people they did instead of who they could have been. Something breaks in Danny’s heart and core and the dam pours forward. Danny doesn’t think he’s cried in front of his parents since he was maybe ten, but he sobs now, head in his hands and racking big painful sobs. He’s glad his torso has healed so much because he’s sure he would have been utterly decimating his stitches otherwise.

It’s his dad this time that pulls him into the hug, the bone crushing nature of Jack’s hugs blanketing his body and providing the support Danny needs. He’s fragile china falling apart at the cracks and Jack’s glue holding him together through the storm of his emotions. Mom scoots closer, gently removing Danny’s legs from her lap and joining in their hug as well. Danny lets the sobs rack his body until he doesn’t feel like he can cry any more, his eyes running dry and scratchy, his throat hoarse. Jazz, waiting at the ready, hands him a glass of water.

“We love you, son,” His dad insists, “ghoulie or no.”

 

~~

Jamie, 5 years later

~~

 

Jamie rummages around in the attic of the manor, sent by Granddad Alfred to retrieve Grandpa Bruce’s hidden birthday gifts. Alfred was getting up in age and Grandpa was trying to convince the man to let Jamie help him out more around the manor. Jamie insisted he could do it. It wasn’t like five years ago when he’d had partial nerve damage in his legs. His crutches and braces had been so long forgotten they wouldn’t even fit now. Sure he still had problems controlling his powers now and again, but Titus helped a lot and it had gotten a lot better since when he was a little kid. He was 11 now, basically a teenager, and they could count on him! He still didn’t have the best mastery over his invisibility and his intangibility when he was feeling emotional, but he had the dimensional portals down pretty good and he could fly really well when he was an Uilnow. Of course he usually used his wings over ghostly hovering, but it wasn’t that he couldn’t float. It was just more fun that way!

Jamie moves aside two dusty boxes (this must have been the singular only place in the whole manor that Granddad didn’t regularly dust!) and tosses his one long braid over his shoulder, blowing a fluffy hanging bang out of his eyes. The white and black in his braid overlapped one another in a game of leapfrog down the length of his braid, showing off the lighter strands that grew at the base of his neck.

Ah! There it is. A black and blue wrapped gift box labeled ‘To Bruce from Alfred’. Jamie rolls his eyes. He couldn’t just write ‘from Dad’ could he? Even if it was true. His Granddad was so proper that way. 

LIfting the box and bounding for the attic ladder, Jamie grins and instead of taking the ladder by the hands and feet, he lets his white rings wash over him, transforming into an Uilnow midway to the ladder’s hole. He grips the package by the bow in his teeth, using his ghostly strength to carry it beneath him through the opening and down into the hall, beating his owlish wings madly and then gliding gracefully to carry them across the manor and to the dining hall where the party will be when Damian gets home from school.

Jamie’s been curious a time or two when Damian talks about school. He doesn’t attend, after all, but he rather thinks he prefers homeschooling. Papa and Granddad help him with his coursework and he’s allowed to ask questions whenever he wants. He doesn’t have to hold up his hand and wait to ask, and Papa and Granddad often let him tangent to learn about stuff that interests him more than the subject matter at hand, though they always eventually get back to it anyway. Besides, he always gets strange looks because of his hair and his scars, and he’d rather not deal with that EVERY single day, thank you. And besides, he has friends. He doesn’t need school for that.

A few years ago, Jamie’s dad had declared he needed a hobby and insisted Jamie pick a sport. Jamie knew his papa had really been hoping he’d would pick gymnastics, but something else had drawn his eye. He didn’t have ice powers any more, but Jamie could still remember when they’d been in the museum and making those ice sculptures. He remembered the frosty chill that soothed against his core and thrummed against his soul in delight and he’d remembered the roller blades Damian had gotten him for his first birthday with the family (which he’d had confiscated on many an occasion by Granddad for blading through the manor before he grew out of them). He’d never replaced the pair, feeling like it betrayed the gift he’d been given. But faced with picking a hobby, he remembered the roller blading and the cold, and he’d asked his papa to take him to the ice skating rink. He’d even asked in Romani to butter him up.

Jamie had taken to ice skating once a week or so, getting better with each practice. He started out watching a lot of youtube, but when he quickly mastered most of the easier moves, Papa decided it’d be worth it to get an instructor. He said they could afford it now, with his gymnastics/ self defense studio having pretty consistent business for a while at that point. Grandpa had offered to pay for them and a fight had ensued. They’d eventually gotten over themselves. Adults could be so dumb sometimes.

With time, it became clear to Jamie and his family that his burgeoning obsession had something to do with ice skating. Auntie Cass had hoped it was dancing in general. Jamie still wasn’t entirely sure what it was specifically. There wasn’t a manual to his core that would just tell him. But if he went too long without skating, his core would ache. It was a good thing they lived so close to the Gotham rink. At this point with all the donations Bruce had made to the place, Jamie was allowed to come in for free at any time. It made his core dance every single time. His coach said he was a shoe-in for figure skating in the Olympics once he was old enough. The media that still haunted him for being Bruce’s mysterious first grandchild called him “ice phantom” for his evasiveness with the public eye and status as an “ice Angel”.  The irony wasn’t lost on any of them. 

In his lessons with Coach Cecil when he was first learning, Jamie had met Andrea and Harlan. The three had been thick as thieves ever since. Jamie had Andrea and Harlan- he didn’t need school to make friends. And he had Georgio too when he was in town. Jamie had met him a bit before that when Haly’s circus made another run through town. He was one of their trapeze artist’s sons and only two years older than Jamie. When Jamie got a phone, Georgio’s was the first name that made it in his contact list (after his Papa’s of course).

“Woah, watch it!” Uncle Jason yells as Jamie swoops over his head, almost knocking him in the forehead with Grandpa’s last present.

“Sorry!” Jamie chittersin ghost speak through clenched fox teeth. His Uncle Jason was the only one who had the capability to understand his ghost speak. Jamie doesn’t really remember a time when Jason wasn’t visiting the manor at least once a week, but apparently before he’d come to live with them, Jason and the family didn’t get along. Jamie was glad that wasn’t the case now. The manor wouldn’t feel like home without Jason around the corner reading a book by the fire here and there. He was making Jamie comb through all the ‘classics’, assisting Granddad and Papa with his homeschooling in literature. Jamie found the choices in books boring and annoying, but his Uncle’s enthusiasm for Fahrenheit 451 did save the lessons a little, even if he’d rather be reading Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, if he had to read at all. 

Jamie flapped his wings, slowing himself to hover over the table before setting the package down at the edge of the other presents he’d brought, sitting atop it and beaming with pride.

“Thanks Turtledove,” Papa praises, ruffling the hair on the top of his head between his fluffy ears. From the corner of the room, Titus raises his head and squints his eyes before ‘huffing’ and lying his head back down. He could be so sassy sometimes. Still, he hadn’t padded over and nosed Jamie’s thigh that meant Jamie was about to have an intangibility or invisibility episode, so Jamie was all good.

“Who left the ladder to the attic open? I almost couldn’t open my bedroom door into the hall?” Oh that was Uncle Duke who was in town visiting for Grandpa’s birthday. Oops. Jamie floats himself to the floor before flashing back into his human form.

“Sorry Duke!”

“It’s okay squirt, just remember next time.” he ruffles Jamie’s hair too, but Jamie tries to jump back and swat his hands away. He’d just fixed his braid! Papa ruffling his Uilnow fur was different. It didn’t mess his hair up the same way. He groans exasperatedly, moving to a mirror in the adjacent hall to fix his bangs again.

“You could just cut them again kiddo, they’re getting kinda long!” Barbara offers from her place around the dining room table. She bounces baby Zeva on her lap. Jamie’s Aunt Zatanna couldn’t come because she was on a mission, but it was okay. Zeva had started getting over her separation anxiety from her other mom and especially with her Mama Babs present, she would be fine.

“I’m growing them out,” Jamie huffs, positioning his bangs so they’re not in his eyes. He’d decided he’d wanted to grow his bangs out so they would fit back with the rest of his hair when he had it up, usually in a long single braid or a bun at the back of his head. His Uncle Tim comes in, leaning on his cane as he walks and looking at a tablet through reading glasses.

“You look like a proper old guy, Tim. You’re supposed to be 21!” Jason teases, nudging his shoulder. Tim frowns, but Jamie can tell he’s amused by the sentiment as well. His aura flares with playfulness to meet Jason’s.

“Well having your kneecap and shin shattered by joker goons will do that to you. Forgive me for being a geezer. Just means I’m wise.” Jamie’s glad it’s been long enough since that incident that they can all laugh about it now. They hadn’t been so jovial about the manner when Tim’s forced retirement had happened. Jamie loves his crazy family of vigilantes, but it can be hard to watch them put themselves in danger again and again, especially when Jamie’s seen all of them have nightmares or panic attacks or PTSD flashbacks. But still, if they can be brave for Gotham, he can be brave and be there for them. With his granddad Alfred, always at home ready with a late night meal and fluffed pillows for their arrival home. It’s a small way to help, but it’s his way of helping, just like Alfred.

Tim gingerly lowers himself into the chair with a little grunt, only further solidifying his image of an old geezer.

“If being shattered by the joker makes you wise, I must be fucking Aristotle,” Jason says with a feral grin. Tim takes off his reading glasses and chucks them at Jason like a throwing star. Auntie Cass senses the playful wrestling between the two and joins in, abruptly tackling Jason from the side. The two fight a small battle on their side of the room until Granddad Alfie comes in and glares his signature stare at them both. They settle into their respective chairs with a mumbling of ‘sorry’s. 

As everyone’s settled into chairs, Jamie looks about the room. He frowns slightly. He’d really been hoping Danny and his friends could make it. Tucker had been having good success increasing the strength of the Fenton phones, devices he’d designed to be able to transmit messages across the zone and through different dimensions. But they were glitchy and didn’t always send properly or at the right time. Jamie had sent a message about Bruce’s party a month ago, but he hadn’t received a response. He’d hoped that they’d gotten Jamie’s message but that Jamie hadn’t received theirs. Now, it looks like they’d not gotten his invitation at all. Jamie’s Uilnow ears blip into being upon his human head, lowering in clear disappointment. He could try to portal them here himself but what if they had other plans? If they were in the middle of something? And he didn’t want to risk opening the portal for them somewhere public or embarrassing. It was why he’d sent the message for them to open their own portal with the Fenton Dimensional gun.

“It’s alright young Jamie. I’m sure they have somewhere important to be. Or perhaps they are just running late,” Alfred gives a smile with a hand on Jamie’s shoulder. His aura shuffles along with the old butler in sympathy as he sits in a chair beside Tim, minorly grunting in symmetry with Tim’s own seating moments before. The motion only further compares Tim to being old and Jason contains a snicker. Tim lifts his tablet to throw at him, the only thing in convenient reach, but catches himself and stops, lowering it with a scowl. But they can’t fool Jamie. Their auras are alight with merriment and brotherly fondness.

They’re a third into Bruce’s presents when the portal appears off to the side of the dining room. Jamie’s heart and core lift in excitement, as well as his physical body as he begins to unintentionally float a bit above the table. Danny, Jazz, Sam and Tucker step through. Jazz almost immediately spots Cass, launching herself at her girlfriend and greeting her with an enthusiastic kiss. Ew! Gross. Tucker finds Tim and comes to sit next to him on the other side, kissing his cheek in a much less overt display of affection for his partner. Danny finds Dick and gives him a smile and a hug before moving onto Jamie. Before the portal can close entirely, a blur of white and black tumbles through, floating in midair. Ellie somersaults through the air, stopping to float upright and giving her head a shake.

“Split!”

“Clone!” Ellie launches herself at Jamie who takes her in with a giant hug. 

“Report,” she commands Jamie.

“Danny used to think the sticky side of sanitary pads was stuck to girl’s skin instead of their underwear! Sam laughed at him for a half an hour before she had to tell him the truth.”

“HEY!” Danny screeches, embarrassed at his mortifying secrets being divulged. He launches himself at Jamie to put a hand over his mouth, but Jamie dodges and keeps going.

“His therapist made him dress up in a diaper and no pants and walk around school as the ‘spirit baby’ in HIGH SCHOOL,” Jamie shouts while fleeing Danny, giggling evilly. At this point, Jason and Stephanie are howling with laughter and Ellie high fives Jamie. Danny finally catches him and grabs him by the shoulder and shakes him.

“Stop, Doing. That!”

“They’re my memories too ya know!” Jamie sticks his tongue out at Danny, grinning madly. Danny sighs deeply.

“I wish you’d just never remember any of that,” he says, resignedly.

“Well I can’t help what comes back and what doesn’t.”

“Yeah but copycat here doesn’t need to hear about every last detail!”

“It’s the split/clone code. Jamie has to tell me all of his most embarrassing memories of you when he gets them. Otherwise who’s he supposed to enjoy them with?”

“He’s not supposed to enjoy them at all. They happened to him too! Why aren’t you embarrassed?”

“Eh,” Jamie shrugs, “they don’t really feel like things that happened to me. I wasn’t around yet. They’re your memories, I’m just inheriting them.”

“Freak.”

“Boring Original.” Danny and Jamie brawl a little bit before things mellow over and they return to the party. Jamie’s grateful for all his loved ones to be in one spot yet again. As they finish Grandpa Bruce opening the rest of his presents, Jamie finds himself grinning widely for more than just his Grandpa’s happiness. The auras in the room bask his core in golden glittering light, overlaid with red and white swirls. The sense of family encased the room and his life at every turn. Jamie’s never been happier.
Notes:

    Voila my Sweet Finches! The story comes to a close! I still may one day go back and do a massive rewrite and add/change some things, and if I do, I'll be posting it as a different story titled something along the lines of 'Uilnow rewritten'. So if you want to keep an eye out from that, subscribe to new stories from my page. No guarantees though. This story has been amazingly fun to write, and as my first fic ever I'm really pleased with it, though I'm also completely down for constructive criticism and feedback.

    I've been through a LOT while writing this fic. Penguin had her initial emergency surgery, then her cancer diagnosis, then acquiring my next service dog prospect Saoirse, it's been a wild ride. I've also had an allosexual pan crisis/awakening (I've identified as asexual lesbian the last four or so years) and been dating again which has been strange and wonderful. Life goes on and business is good and I just have to take the wonderful with the terrible. I've loved all your comments immensely, they're like crack.

    Thank you my Sweet Finches for reading my story and obliging this Danny Phantom and Batman dork.

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Comments (800) 

Kudos

Batman567144, Sphinxy868, Dean12, Nenlio, Sapphire_2006, SpiritDamnation, novasdark, Kendallmill22, Azareel, BeautyOfASecret, 119sighs, Starflower525, Frazz107, Rosedaughter1, Hera1985, captainmarkel69, DarkFireTales, ImProbablyHere, Mr_Venus2845, acesher, SuperInuWhoLoced, ItsRainingAngst, Izza_una, Riyori, Bookworm230, MinaHeart, DragonCraze, eldekashepherd, moonkid2005, Pirate_ranger, Witch_of_Night, a_tired_soul, anonymusbee, FanalisSasaki, im_a_swarm_of_bees, Naturedragon, xxBeeHivexx, MayWinters, polish_and_ink, Why_the_fuck_am_i_here, loki_writing, PyschoRolly, Max000, Falsewarrior, Dead_reader_1, Winny79, Feelienche, Goddess_Kings, lane_boy, Iliketo__read, and 1452 more users as well as 558 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment

Note:
    All fields are required. Your email address will not be published.
Guest name
Guest email

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.403.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

