

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

    Hi, fictionfruit!
    Post
    Log Out

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: austen words:10000-50000 sort:title 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Bookmark Mark for Later Comments Hide Creator's Style Share 

    Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Not Rated 

Archive Warning:

        Graphic Depictions Of Violence 

Category:

        Gen 

Fandom:

        呪術廻戦 | Jujutsu Kaisen (Anime) 

Relationships:

        Fushiguro Megumi & Gojo SatoruItadori Yuuji & Sukuna | Ryoumen SukunaFushiguro Megumi & Itadori YuujiFushiguro Megumi & Sukuna | Ryoumen SukunaFushiguro Megumi & Itadori Yuuji & Sukuna | Ryoumen SukunaFushiguro Megumi & Getou SuguruFushiguro Megumi & Getou Suguru & Gojo SatoruItadori Yuuji & Nanami KentoNanami Kento & Sukuna | Ryoumen SukunaItadori Yuuji & Nanami Kento & Sukuna | Ryoumen Sukuna 

Characters:

        Gojo SatoruNanami KentoItadori YuujiSukuna | Ryoumen SukunaFushiguro MegumiGetou Suguru 

Additional Tags:

        Single ParentsSingle Dad Gojosingle dad nanamiChild Fushiguro MegumiChild Itadori Yuujichild Ryoumen SukunaItadori Yuuji & Sukuna | Ryoumen Sukuna are SiblingsItadori Yuuji & Sukuna | Ryoumen Sukuna are TwinsTeenage Gojo SatoruTeenage Nanami KentoParental Nanami KentoParental Gojo SatoruMentioned Fushiguro Tojigojo tries to be a good parental figureMegumi is done with gojoJust a little bit of AngstCuteFamilyFound FamilyAUSingle Parents AUKids AUGojo is a menace 

Language:
    English 
Stats:

    Published:
        2021-05-24
    Updated:
        2025-01-08
    Words:
        118,611
    Chapters:
        51/?
    Comments:
        533
    Kudos:
        4,045
    Bookmarks:
        690
    Hits:
        124,368

Broken People Often Make the Best Family
xXSatrinaXx
Summary:

    Gojo Satoru never wanted to be a father. In fact, he’d never even humored the idea of having kids. So how did he wind up caring for little Megumi?

    Nanami thought he got there to late, seeing two kids staring at him in the middle of this violence surprised him.

    Or
    An AU where Gojo takes in little Megumi and Nanami takes in little Yuuji and Sukuna.

Notes:

    I’m obsessed with all the dad Gojo and Nanami so I’ve joined in.

Chapter 1: I’m a Father Now?
Chapter Text

     Satoru Gojo never wanted to be a father.  In fact, he’d never even humored the idea of having kids.  If there was one thing Gojo was certain of it was that he would never dare have a child only to force them to live in his world.

 

     Today, however, seemed like it was going to change everything.


     Principal Yaga called Gojo into his office minutes ago.  He now stands in front of the person in question, Gojo’s eyes focused on the small person in the corner.


     Gojo had recognized the kid immediately as Toji’s.  Gojo had seen the kid countless times before this, you’d think the kid lived here.  He was quiet, and a bit of a loner.  However, that never stopped Gojo from taking time out of his day to sit and eat with the kid.


     “Are you listening, Gojo?”


     Gojo snaps his attention back to the principal, not saying a word.

    Principal Yaga sighs, running his fingers through his hair.  “Look, long story short… Toji Fushiguro and his wife are gone.”

 

     Gojo doesn’t seem to react other than glancing back at the boy in the back of the room.


     “They’ve abandoned their son.  And unless we find someone to take this boy in I’m afraid the Zenin Clan will come to claim him.”


     Gojo groans, tilting his head to the side.  “That wouldn’t be good.  So why’d you call me in then?”


     “Well, Gojo... I’d like you to take in Megumi Fushiguro.”


     Gojo stares at the principal, mouth wide open.  “Are you kidding me?  No way in hell.  Why do I have to do it?”


     “You’re the only Sorcerer that he knows personally.”


     Suddenly Gojo regrets ever being nice to the boy.  He should’ve left Megumi to be alone.


     “Gojo, listen to me,”  Principal Yaga stares Gojo dead in the eye.  “I know this is a big responsibility for someone your age.  But the kid has no one else.”


     Gojo stares at the boy, his resolve crumbling more with each second he stares at the adorable child.  Eventually, he sighs, throwing his hands up in the air, “how am I supposed to say no to that?!”


     Yaga smiles triumphantly, “great!  I’ve arranged so that you’ll have a bigger space here at Jujutsu Tech.  I’ve also already arranged to have your things moved there by the end of the day.  Megumi’s as well.”


     Gojo stares, eyes wide.  “Huh?!  How did you even know I was going to agree to this!?”


     Yaga laughs and Gojo swears it’s an evil one.  “You may be a menace, Gojo, but you’re not heartless.  I knew there was no way you could say no to the boy.  Especially if he was here where you could see him.”


     So that’s why Megumi is here... “fine,” Gojo sighs.  “You win.”

 

•••


     Gojo did not want kids.  Yet, lo and behold there he was, walking side by side with this little gremlin.


      Gojo glances at the boy, he’s small, only coming up to about his hip.

     How did this happen?  Gojo’s only 17.  He can barely take care of himself, let alone another human being.  Gojo wouldn’t even trust himself to take care of a plant, much less a child .


     “So Me-gu-mi!”  Gojo breaks the boy’s name into syllables, earning quite the look from the boy.  “I know this is an interesting situation for the both of us but let’s make the best of it!  I say we go out to eat tonight to celebrate!  What do you say?!”


     “Whatever.”  Megumi’s response is cold, which annoys Gojo quite a bit.


     “You could at least pretend to be excited.”


     “Oh, I’m sorry! ”  Megumi gives him the fakest smile Gojo has ever seen.  “Wow, Gojo!  That sounds super cool! ”  The kid’s smile falls, going back to his typical bored expression, “better?”


     Gojo stares at him, bewildered.  “Ya know, for such a small person you sure have a surprising amount of sass.”


     “Shut up.”


     They walk in silence for a while before reaching their destination.


     It came as a surprise to Gojo that they were given a small building.  If Gojo was being honest, he was expecting a dorm room like his old one, just with maybe a kitchen attached.


     They walk in, Megumi immediately going to climb onto the couch.


     “You want something to eat?”  Gojo opens the fridge, he’s glad the principal had enough sense to transfer the contents of his mini-fridge.  “I’ve got cake, cookies, ice cream, sweet rolls, and- ooo!”  He grabs something out of the fridge, a smile on his face.  “Pudding!”


     “Do you have any actual food?”  Megumi stares at Gojo, his glare never faltering.


     Gojo laughs nervously, “well... no.”


     “Figures.”


     “Hey, I can go grocery shopping later!  You can even come with so you can tell me what you do and don’t like!”


     “Whatever.”


     Gojo’s eye twitches, never in a million years did he think a child would annoy him so much.  “Look kid.  I know this isn’t exactly ideal but let’s try and help each other out, ok?”  Gojo plops down at the kitchen table.


     The weight of the situation finally begins to weight down on Gojo.  How did this happen?  Thirty minutes ago you were seventeen, living your best life... now you have a kid.  Gojo puts his head in his hands.  Was he even capable of doing something like this?  How could he take care of a child?  He didn’t even have real food.  God, I really can’t do this.  I’m not right for this.  I can’t do anything right... I’m just going to fail this kid.

 

     Gojo is brought out of his thoughts at the sound of a slam.  His head shoots up, noticing the sudden appearance of a pudding cup.


     “I’m not too crazy about pudding, but it’s edible I guess.”  Gojo stares at the boy.  Megumi refuses to meet his gaze and cheeks are red from embarrassment.  “We can even go shopping or whatever.”


     It was quiet but Gojo heard it all the same.  A smile graces his features.  “Alright, ‘Gumi!  We’ll go out tomorrow and buy tons of groceries!”  He ruffles Megumi’s hair, his hand is swat away in response.


     “Alright, you’re pushing your luck, Old Man!”


     Gojo let’s put a rather dramatic sigh, putting his hand on his chest, “me!?  Old!   I’ll have you know I’m only seventeen!”


     “Could’ve fooled me!”


     “Listen here, Gremlin.  I’m still in high school!”


     “Still older than me.”

 

•••


     One thing Gojo learns quickly, is that Megumi is pretty self sufficient for a four year old.


     Megumi managed to put almost everything away.  The kid even folded all his clothes.  It was only when stuff needed to be put in a spot out of his reach did he come in and ask Gojo for help.  Something that Gojo was glad to do.


     Now the two walk side by side to the best ramen place Gojo can think of.  “You do like ramen, right?”


      “Of course I do who doesn’t?”  There’s something unsettling about a small child delivering such a harsh glare.


     “I invited a friend to join us, hope you don’t mind.”  Gojo decides the best way to deal with Megumi’s glare is to just ignore it.


     “You mean that guy you called, freaking out about “being a dad now”.”


     Gojo stares, he’d been sure to call Nanami in a place where Megumi couldn’t hear him.  Guess the walls were thinner than he thought.  “Yes, that guy.”


     “You’re not my dad you know.”


     “Uuuuuuuuh...” Gojo stares at the kid, what does he say.  “I know that.”


     “Then don’t pretend like you are.”


     “I wasn’t pretending to do anything!”  This is great, Gojo is already messing up and it’s only the first day.  “It’s just you’re a kid and I’m watching and taking care of you so I’m like a dad in that sense.  Wether or not you see me as such is up to you, but right now you’re stuck with me as your legal guardian!  So ha!  Suck on that!”  Why did I say that?  Do I have no filter?


     Megumi scoffs, “whatever, idiot.”


     The two walk in silence the rest of way.


     Gojo is relieved when the ramen shop and Nanami both come into view, the silence was becoming unbearable.


     “There he is!”  Gojo lights up, barreling towards Nanami before throwing an arm around him.


     “You’re 5 minutes late, Gojo.”


     “As punctual as ever I see!”  Gojo smiles, turning to Megumi, “Megumi!  Meet your Uncle Nanami!”


     The face on Megumi’s face could only be described as one of disgust.


     “You idiot!”  Nanami smacks Gojo on the back of the head before turning to Megumi.  “Don’t  listen to him.  You don’t have to call me anything stupid.”


     “Good, ‘cause I wasn’t gonna listen to the moron.”


     Nanami’s eyes go wide at Megumi’s response, glancing at Gojo before laughing.  “You got spunk.  I like you.”


     “Thanks, you’re alright yourself.  Much better than Blindfold over here.”


     “Ok!”  Gojo, puts his hand on Megumi’s hair, purposely messing it up after that little jab.  “Let’s eat!”
Chapter 2: Why can’t I go home?
Summary:

    And it doesn’t feel right. None of this feels right. And his eyes feel hot and his chest hurts. He doesn’t like this, doesn’t like being in this room he’s unfamiliar with. He wants to go home. Why? Why can’t he go home?

    Megumi scrubs at his eyes and he tries not to cry, he really does, but the tears fall anyway. He hates this, and he should hate them. They’re the ones that left him. They left him scared and alone and wondering what he did wrong. He should hate them, there should be a fiery rage in his heart, so why does it just hurt? He doesn’t understand.

Notes:

    I should’ve put a disclaimer in the first chapter that I haven’t read the manga, so most of this isn’t going to match up with what happens in canon.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

     Much to Gojo’s dismay, Megumi is a very early riser.

 

     Gojo wakes up to rustling.  He sits up, rubbing his eyes before turning to the clock.  5:30 AM glows in bleary letters.

 

     Maybe I can just lay back down and go to sleep ... Gojo hears a loud clatter.  Or maybe not.

 

     Gojo groans before getting out of bed.  He heads to the source of the sound which happens to be the kitchen.

 

     When Gojo arrives at the kitchen he’s met with Megumi who is balancing on top of a rather large dog that just so happens to be balancing atop another dog.

 

     Gojo stares, it’s too damn early for this.   “What are you doing?”

 

     Megumi turns to look at Gojo, eyes wide.  “Uh... making breakfast.”

 

      Gojo continues to stare at the boy, trying very hard to keep his eyes open.  “So... when did we get dogs?”

 

     “They’re my Demon Dogs.”

 

     “… am I supposed to know what that means?”

 

      Megumi gives Gojo a look that just screams ‘ really?’ “They’re my shiki-shikiami!  Obviously!”  Megumi stumbles over his words a little, and Gojo can’t help but be filled with a sense of fondness.

 

      “You can summon Shikigami?” Pride swells in Gojo’s chest.  Being able to use and control Shikigami at such a young age is so god damn impressive.

 

     “Duh, have you been listening?!”  Megumi turns back to search in the cabinets.  “It’s like you haven’t-“ Megumi stops talking as he loses his balance, letting out a startled cry as he falls.

 

     Gojo yells out in alarm as well, teleporting to catch the boy before he can hit the ground.

 

    Gojo lets out a breath of relief as Megumi clings to his neck.

 

     “You alright?”  Gojo places a hand on the back of the kid’s head, holding him close.

 

     Megumi doesn't respond, burying his head into the crook of Gojo’s neck.

 

     Poor kid probably got scared… “yeah, that probably was pretty scary, huh?”  Gojo chuckles, running his fingers through Megumi’s hair, “how ‘bout we go out for breakfast?”

 

     “M’kay,” Megumi’s voice is quiet and watery, making Gojo’s heart clench.

 

      Gojo moves Megumi onto one side to free up a hand before going to clean up Megumi’s mess.  “So, anything you got in mind for breakfast?”

 

     Megumi doesn't answer at first, as if he's hesitant to answer.  After a few moments, though he manages a quiet response, “pancakes?”

 

     Gojo smiles, for being such a damn brat he’s sure got a way of pulling at the older man’s heartstrings.  “Western, huh?  I like it.  You like pancakes?”

 

      Megumi nods, “yeah.  Mom used to make them every Saturday.”

 

     Gojo stops to ruffle Megumi’s hair.  “Well, kid, we can have pancakes whenever you want!  And you put whatever you want on them!  How does that sound!?”

 

     Megumi looks up at Gojo with watery eyes and smiles.  “That sounds good.”

 

•••

 

     Turns out, Megumi really likes pancakes.

 

     Megumi wolfs down his stack startlingly fast, leaving Gojo to worry about the boy choking.

 

     Once Megumi finishes his plate, Gojo slides his half-eaten stack in the boy’s direction.

 

     Megumi looks to the stack of pancakes, then to Gojo.

 

     The disbelief in Megumi’s eyes causes Gojo to smile.  “Go ahead, take 'em.”

 

     Megumi gladly takes the pancakes.  He wolf's them down with just as much fervor as the rest of them.

 

     Gojo ruffles the boy's hair.  Maybe he'll make pancakes every Saturday too.

 

•••

 

     Grocery shopping with Gojo is... weird.

 

     Megumi quickly learns that the idiot has no sense of self-control.  The cart was filled with a variety of desserts and boxed mixes but so far no real food was in sight.

 

     “Hey, Gojo?”

 

     Gojo turns to Megumi and smiles.  “What’s up, Gremlin?”

 

     “Are you gonna buy real food?”

 

     Gojo tries to ruffle his hair only for Gojo to be swat away.  “We’re getting there!  Just gotta get the essentials!”

 

     Megumi stares at him in disbelief.  “The essentials?”  He looks to the cart that’s practically overflowing with junk.  “How are you still alive?”

 

     “Honestly, kid it’s out of pure spite at this point.”  Gojo grabs yet another carton of ice cream.  “You like mint chocolate chip?”

 

     Megumi sighs, grabbing the ice cream from Gojo, “don’t you think we have enough junk food at home?”

 

     Gojo gasps loudly, gaining a few weird looks from people around them.  “You can never have enough sweets!”

 

     Megumi has had it with this man.  “Get rid of the sweets Gojo.”

 

     “No!  I’m buying them!”

 

     “We’re putting them back.”

 

     “What if I just put back five?”

 

      “No.”

 

     “All of them but the box mixes and the ice cream?”

 

      Megumi glares at him, telling Gojo his answer.

 

     “Five ice creams and the box mixes?”

 

     Megumi glares harder (if it were possible), “two ice creams and 3 box mixes.”

 

     Gojo crosses his arms and pouts, “fine.”

 

•••

 

     Turns out, Gojo is a terrible cook.

 

     Megumi sits on the couch watching TV.  He’s not particularly interested in the image on the screen, but anything is better than watching Gojo try and cook.

 

     “Goddammit!”  Megumi turns his attention to Gojo who is holding a pan that once held their dinner.  He coughs as he dumps the thing that was two seconds away from bursting into flames out the open window.

 

     Megumi sighs, getting up from his seat and going to sit down at the counter.  “You’ve burned two meals already.”

 

     “I know.”

 

     “Why don’t you just follow the recipe?”

 

     “It’s not my fault!  All these recipes are confusing and complicated!”

 

     Megumi looks over to Gojo’s cookbook, the words on the page didn’t mean much to a four-year-old but even he could tell it didn’t look that complicated.  “doesn’t look that hard to me.”

 

     Gojo crosses his arms and pouts, “you try then!”

 

     “Fine!”  Megumi gets up and stomps over to where Gojo is, grabbing the book from its spot on the counter.  He stares at it, trying to decipher the jumble of letters on the page.

 

     “What’s the matter kid?  Can’t figure it out either?”  Gojo gives him an amused grin.

 

     “No, it’s just...” Megumi pauses, his face feeling hot with embarrassment.  “I can’t read.”

 

     “You can’t read...” Gojo repeats the words.  He isn’t sure why that surprises him, the kid’s only four.

 

     Megumi nods, looking down at the counter.  “I thought maybe there’d be pictures.”

 

     Gojo smiles, ruffling the kid’s hair.  “Don’t sweat it, my fault for forgetting you haven’t been in school yet.”

 

     Megumi looks up at Gojo, not saying a word.

 

     Megumi’s big eyes looking up at Gojo make him feel all warm inside.  Weird.  “Let’s figure it out together, ok?”

 

•••

 

     Gojo talks a lot. More than Megumi has ever heard someone talk.  He rambles about complete nonsense that Megumi isn’t even listening to.

 

     Gojo talks through the entirety of dinner.  Talks during their movie and even talks as he helps Megumi get ready for bed.

 

     At this point Megumi thinks Gojo just likes hearring himself talk.

 

     It annoys Megumi at first, Gojo’s endless babbling.  After awhile, however the noise become a comforting white noise.  It’s much different than what Megumi is used to.  On a normal day, he’d be the one desperately trying to keep the conversations going.  He’d be the one filling the silence.

 

     So now that Megumi is alone in the silence of his new room he feels perturbed.  He feels restless and anxious, sitting in a room he’s unfamiliar with, in a bed he’s not used to with sheets that still smell vaguely like his old home.  There’s no sense of comfort, no familiarity.  No light on in the hallway connecting him to his parents.  No dad to come in and check the room for curses.  No mom pushing his hair down and kissing him goodnight.

 

And it doesn’t feel right.  None of this feels right.  And his eyes feel hot and his chest hurts.  He doesn’t like this, doesn’t like being in this room he’s unfamiliar with.  He wants to go home.  Why?  Why can’t he go home?

 

     Megumi scrubs at his eyes and he tries not to cry, he really does, but the tears fall anyway.  He hates this, and he should hate them.  They’re the ones that left him.   They left him scared and alone and wondering what he did wrong.  He should hate them, there should be a fiery rage in his heart, so why does it just hurt?  He doesn’t understand.

 

     There’s a knock on the door and Megumi freezes.

 

     “Megumi?”  The voice on the other side of the door is slow, unsure.  “You ok?”

 

     Megumi doesn’t answer him, ducking under the covers when he hears the door begin to open.

 

     He feels the bed dip down as Gojo sits down next to him.  “Hey, bud.”  The cover is lifted up, revealing Gojo, now dressed for bed with his hair down and glasses off.  Gojo’s eyes are strained with worry.  It is very out of character in Megumi’s opinion and it has him crying all over again.

 

     “Hey,” Gojo’s words are quiet and comforting as he goes to grab Megumi and pull him close.  Gojo cards his fingers through the boy’s hair before continuing, “what’s wrong?”

 

     Where to begin?  Megumi wasn’t sure.  He feels sad and hurt and he doesn’t know what’s going on.  And Megumi tries to explain, tries to tell Gojo that it hurts  and that everything is so foreign and wrong but his words come out as a jumbled mess that even he can’t begin to understand.

 

     Gojo hums, continuing to run his fingers through Megumi’s hair.  “I know.  It’s scary and everything seems weird.  And you’re in a strange house with a guy you barely know and it’s scary.”  Gojo holds him a little tighter, “I’m sorry.  I should’ve realized sooner that you’d have a hard time adjusting too.  Just because you’re a kid doesn’t mean you don’t know what’s going on.”

 

     Megumi wants to argue that he doesn’t know what’s going on, not to the extent that someone older like Gojo would.  All he knows is that his parents are gone and he doesn’t know anything anymore.  And that scares him.  When he tries to explain, all that comes out is a pitiful whine.

 

    Gojo shushes him, smoothing his hair back, “it’s ok.”

 

     They don’t speak for a while, the only sound in the room being Megumi’s cries.

 

     Megumi fists Gojo’s shirt.  He’s ruining Gojo’s shirt, soaking it with tears and snot but he can’t seem to care.  All he cares is that Gojo is here .  He’s here with him in this room he doesn’t recognize.  And that helps because Gojo is familiar.

 

     He tries to focus on that familiarity.  He focuses on Gojo’s strong yet gentle touch and find comfort in it.  It’s different from his mom’s soft touch and his dad’s strong one but it’s safe and grounding and it calms Megumi down a little bit.

 

     Once Megumi’s cries die down to sniffles Gojo speaks up, “do you... do you want me to stay?”

 

     Megumi hesitantly nods.  He feels childish and stupid for making Gojo stay but he was the only thing really keeping Megumi grounded.

 

     Gojo moves so that he’s on his back.

 

     The movement causes Megumi to move into a more comfortable position, earning a grunt from Gojo as he flops back down on the older man’s chest.

 

     Neither of them say anything else, the only sound Megumi hears is Gojo’s heartbeat against his ear.

 

     It doesn’t take long for Megumi’s eyes to feel droopy, the familiar feeling of Gojo running his hands through his hair quickly lulls him to sleep.

 

     Just as Megumi is falling asleep he hears a soft voice that he’s all too familiar with.  “Goodnight, kid.”
Notes:

    Poor Megumi, he’s struggling a little. (Hope you’ll come back for next chapter for more Gojo slander) Hope you enjoyed!

Chapter 3: Curses Don’t Just Stop Because I Don’t Want To Leave
Summary:

    Gojo’s stomach drops, he knew Megumi wasn’t going to take this well but he didn’t think the kid was gonna assume Gojo was just gonna abandon him. “Shit, no kid! I’m not going anywhere. It’s just I have a job to do. Curses don’t just stop just because I don’t want to leave.”

Notes:

    I am back! This is pretty much just Gojo spoiling Megumi…

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

     Gojo doesn’t open his eyes, if he stays still long enough maybe he’ll go back to bed.

 

     It takes Gojo all of ten seconds to notice the weight on his chest.  His eyes fly open, pure panic taking over.  What if a curse got in?  Oh, god he had to get to Megumi!  The kid can’t protect himself, Shikigami or not, he’s only four.  Gojo has to...

 

     It’s then that Gojo looks down at his chest, noticing the mop of spiky black hair.

 

     Gojo visibly relaxes, letting out a breath of air.  It’s been a week… a week since Megumi has been living with Gojo.

 

     This is a common occurrence, actually.  Ever since Gojo found Megumi crying in his room the kid comes in the middle of the night to sleep next to, or more accurately, on top of Gojo.

 

     Gojo’s gotten accustomed to waking up in the middle of the night to the door to his room opening.  He’s gotten used to leaning over, half asleep to lift Megumi onto the bed before flopping back down to go to sleep.  What he hasn’t gotten used to is waking up to something on top of him.

 

    Usually, Megumi’s the one to wake up first.  Gojo usually wakes up shortly after to Megumi grabbing his face, causing him to snap awake in a blind panic.

 

     Gojo looks down at the sleeping form and smiles.  He has to admit, the kid is adorable, no matter how badly he pushes Gojo’s buttons.

 

     Gojo sits there for a few minutes before Megumi’s eyes flutter open and he sits up with a yawn.  He rubs his eyes, a red mark visible on his cheek.

 

     Gojo chuckles, “mornin’, Gremlin.”

 

     “Morning.”  Megumi flops back down on Gojo’s chest.

 

     Gojo concludes that last night must’ve been particularly bad if the kid woke up tired and after Gojo.  “What do you want for breakfast?”

 

     “Pancakes.”  The response is muffled and sleepy.  For a moment Gojo thinks that Megumi might go back to sleep.

 

     Gojo chuckles, “why am I not surprised?”  He moves Megumi off of him, laying him back on the bed and pulling the covers over him.

 

     Gojo pushes the boy’s hair back before giving him a quick kiss on his forehead.  He’s noticed that the only time Megumi will let Gojo be affectionate towards him is when he’s half asleep.  “I’ll wake you up when breakfast is ready.”

 

     “Don’t set it on fire like you did our dinner, moron.”  The jab is slurred and barely understandable but there’s no real heat behind it.

 

     “No promises.”

 

•••

 

     When Megumi comes out of the room he finds Gojo on the phone while flipping pancakes.

 

     “Today?” Gojo’s voice is taut and Megumi notices the contrast from his normally relaxed behavior. “Sir, I can’t just-“ Gojo pauses, seems like he was cut off.

 

     After a few moments, Gojo talks again.  “Yes sir.  I’ll work it out.”  He hangs up, running his fingers through his hair with a groan.  When he turns away from the stove to put the stack of pancakes on a plate his eyes find Megumi’s.

 

     Gojo finds it in himself to manage a strained smile.  “Morning, Kiddo!  Just in time for breakfast.”

 

     Megumi glances at the phone on the table before Gojo steps in front of it to hoist Megumi up onto the barstool.

 

     “Who was that?”

 

     Gojo grabs the stack of pancakes.  “Oh, no one,” he places the stack in front of Megumi.  “Hey, today I think we should go out and do something fun.”

 

     “Fun?”

 

     “Yeah, there’s a street that has a bunch of shops and food stands, I was thinking we could go there.”

 

     “Do you need to get something?”

 

     Gojo scoffs, “no, silly.  I just thought it would be fun!  Besides, you don’t have a whole lot of stuff.  I thought maybe we could get you a few toys!”

 

     Megumi stares at him.  “Toys?  Why would I need those?”

 

     “They’re just fun!”

 

     What is happening?  Megumi rarely gets anything “fun”, the only times he can think of are birthdays and Christmas.  Now, this guy just wants to get them with no real occasion in mind?  “But why?”

 

     Gojo gives the kid a lopsided grin, “why?  Why not?!”  He grabs one of the pancakes from the stack and takes a bite.  “Now hurry up and eat, we got a whole day ahead of us!”

 

•••

 

     Megumi’s never seen so many people in one place before.  It’s a little overwhelming so when they’re not in stores Megumi decides to stick close to Gojo.

 

     “Isn’t this exciting?!”  Gojo is practically skipping, “what should we do first?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, “I don’t know.”

 

     Gojo hums, eventually deciding to go to the next shop he sees.  It’s a little shop with a variety of different knickknacks.

 

     Megumi looks around.  This wasn’t like any store he’s seen before.  He only went to stores when he needed something, like if he grew out of his pants and needed new ones.  What could Gojo possibly need from here?

 

     “See anything you like?”

 

     Megumi looks up at Gojo in disbelief.  “Anything I like?”

 

     Gojo nods, a lopsided grin plastered to his face.

 

     Megumi was at a loss.  Gojo was asking him if he wanted anything?  He could ask for anything he wants?  The thought seems ridiculous.  Megumi was always told that it was rude to ask for things and to want things from others, but here Gojo was, asking him what he wanted.

 

     Megumi continues to walk through the store, Gojo following.  He looks around at all of the items, his eyes landing on a stuffed bear.  There wasn’t anything special about the bear, it was white with blue button eyes.  The only reason the bear caught Megumi’s eye was because it looked like Gojo.

 

     “You like the bear?”

 

      Gojo’s words cause Megumi to panic.  He doesn’t want to be rude, and even though Gojo is a moron, he’s a nice moron and Megumi shouldn’t take advantage of his kindness, that would be wrong.  “No, I just think it looks like you.”

 

    “Oh,” Gojo chuckles.  “It does!  Let’s buy it!”

 

     Megumi feels the panic creep back up.  “No, it’s fine!  I don’t need him!  It’s alright!”

 

     His backtracking doesn’t matter, Gojo’s already grabbed the bear.  “Nonsense!  You seemed to like him!  Besides, he looks like me!  Maybe we’re long-lost relatives!”

 

     Megumi stares at Gojo, “that’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard.”

 

     “Hey, you never know!”  Gojo hands the bear to the cashier.

 

     “I can’t tell if your sense of humor just sucks or if it’s just because you’re an idiot.”

 

     “That’s not very nice.  Didn’t your parents teach you manners?”

 

     Megumi narrows his eyes, “you deserve it.”

 

     Gojo sighs, “whatever you say, Gremlin.

 

     The two continue like that.  Gojo discovers that Megumi seems to be reluctant to ask for things so Gojo just grabs whatever the kid looks at for too long.

 

     Gojo also realizes that Megumi seems to be drawn to animals.  Most of the toys Gojo’s bought for him are stuffed animals and different animal figures.

 

     The two sit at a restaurant waiting to get their food.  Gojo looks down at the assortment of bags they’ve accumulated.  Then to the white bear also seated at the table.

 

     The waitress humored Megumi when they’d first asked to be seated, she’d grabbed a high chair for the bear to sit in after he’d asked Gojo if the bear could sit at the table with them.  She’d also taken it upon herself to bring the bear a kid’s menu and water (Gojo would be giving her a generous tip).

 

     Megumi seems happy.  Almost glowing in fact.  He swings his legs as he beams up at Gojo.  It makes Gojo feel guilty for his motive behind the excursion.

 

     Gojo rubs the back of his neck.  “Hey, Megumi?  There’s something I need to tell you.”

 

     Megumi tilts his head, “well what is it?”

 

     “It’s about this morning.  That phone call I got.”

 

     “What about it?”  His brows furrow and the smile is now a pout.  He’s gone into full serious mode.

 

     “It was Principal Yaga.  He gave me as much time off as he could but he can’t keep me off missions forever.”  Gojo rubs the back of his neck before continuing, “look, the point is I’m leaving for a mission tonight.”

 

     “Oh.”  Megumi’s voice was quiet and strained.  He sounds so upset and it makes Gojo’s heart lurch.

 

     “I’ll only be gone for like four days tops.”

 

     Megumi doesn’t say anything.  He stares at the table, the two of them sit like that for a while.

 

      It’s only when their food is in front of them and the waitress has left that Megumi decides to speak.  “So you’re gonna leave me too?”

 

     Gojo’s stomach drops, he knew Megumi wasn’t going to take this well but he didn’t think the kid was gonna assume Gojo was just gonna abandon him.  “Shit, no kid!  I’m not going anywhere.  It’s just I have a job to do.  Curses don’t just stop just because I don’t want to leave.”

 

     Megumi scoffs, “whatever.”  He digs into his food, staring intensely at what’s in front of him.

 

     Gojo’s chest hurts.  He knew that Megumi wouldn’t take the news well.  It doesn’t take a genius to tell the boy has separation anxiety, but still, seeing the boy so upset over this hurts.  If he could Gojo would march right up to the principal and demand he finds someone else to do the mission.  Unfortunately, it was stressed that this was a mission only Gojo could do and that he wouldn’t have been called in if it wasn’t.

 

    “Are you gonna just leave me by myself the entire time, too?”  Megumi’s words pull Gojo out of his thoughts.  They’re quiet and unsure, and the kid gnaws at his lip as if it is something that’s worrying him.  As if he thinks Gojo would ever leave a child by themselves for any period of time.

 

     “Of course not.  You’re staying with Nanami.”  Gojo is suddenly glad he’d sent a text to Nanami giving him a heads up about the situation.  If he’d just dropped the kid off unannounced it might’ve made this ordeal even more jarring for the kid.

 

     “Good. I always hated that.”

 

     It took a second for Megumi’s words to kick in, but when they do a hot anger is left in its wake.  “Would Fushiguro leave you all by yourself?”

 

     Megumi stares at Gojo, eyes wide and full of tears that threaten to fall.  He doesn’t say a word, only giving a small nod in response to Gojo’s question.

 

     Gojo takes a deep breath, trying to calm down.  He can’t get mad.  Directing the anger towards this sweet kid would be wrong and probably wouldn’t help at all.  “Well, it’s a good thing I’m dropping you off at Nanami’s then since you don’t like being by yourself!  You remember Nanami right?”

 

     Megumi nods, “you’re tired friend.”

 

     That earns a laugh from Gojo.  “Exactly!  My tired friend!”

 

•••

 

     Megumi seems to be taking being in Nanami’s house very well.  At least on the outside.

 

      When Nanami opens the door to let the two in, the boy immediately goes to sit on the couch, staring at the nature documentary that he’d switched to.

 

     Megumi has a blank look on his face, which is pretty normal for him.  Gojo knows Megumi is pretty reserved and tries not to explicitly express if anything is wrong.

 

      Gojo hands Nanami Megumi’s backpack.  “Thank you so much for watching him.  Are you sure it won’t be an issue?  I know it was kind of last minute.”

 

     “It’s fine.”  Nanami’s as straightforward as ever.

 

     “Well if you’re sure.  Megumi gets anxious in new settings without someone he’s familiar with.  Bust he’ll pretend like there’s nothing wrong!  If he seems quiet or more distant than usual don’t bombard him just sit next to him and keep him company.  Oh and he’s been having a hard time sleeping in his room because everything in our house is still so new to him so you might have to keep him company!”  Gojo talks fast.  He continues to bombard Nanami with information for several minutes, not giving the other a chance to respond.

 

      Eventually, Gojo stops his rambling, takes a deep breath, and continues, “you know what?  Maybe this was a bad idea!  Why don’t I just take him with me?”

 

     “Gojo,” Nanami’s voice is tight with annoyance.  “You cannot bring a child with you.  It’s dangerous.”

 

     “Well, it’s more dangerous to leave him here with your zebra print rugs!”

 

     Nanami sighs, how can one man cause him so much annoyance?  “He’ll be fine with me.  If anything happens I’ll call you.”

 

     Gojo scratches the back of his head, “fine.  I trust you.”

 

      Gojo turns to Megumi, “hey, Gremlin!”

 

      Megumi turns to Gojo before hopping off the couch to walk over to him.

 

      Gojo kneels down so that they’re at eye level.  “I’ve got to go now, you gonna be ok?”

 

     Megumi nods, “just don’t get yourself killed, idiot.”

 

     Gojo gives the kid a lopsided grin, “no promises.”  He ruffles Megumi’s hair.  “I’ll call you before you go to bed, ok?”

 

      Megumi crosses his arms, mouth formed in a little pout.  “Whatever.”

 

     Gojo gets up, “bye, Gremlin.”

 

     “Bye.”
Notes:

    Tada! Megumi is staying with Nanami for a few days! I have to tell you guys that Nanami hasn’t taken Yujii and Sukuna in yet, that’s gonna happen a little later in the story (not too long tho, maybe like 2ish). Sorry for everyone who’s excited to see Nanami with them, I’m probably gonna introduce them sooner rather than later because I too want to see Nanami interact with them.

Chapter 4: When Are You Coming Home?
Summary:

    Two hours is what it took for Megumi to get upset. However it isn’t in the way that Nanami expects him to. Kids are supposed to yell and throw fits when they’re upset, right? So how come Megumi sits there as tears silently stream down his face?

Notes:

    Finally back! Sorry this took so long, I struggled with how to write this.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

     Two hours… that’s how long Gojo’s been gone.  To be honest, Nanami’s surprised the kid lasted as long as he did.

 

     Two hours is what it took for Megumi to get upset.  However it isn’t in the way that Nanami expects him to.  Kids are supposed to yell and throw fits when they’re upset, right?  So how come Megumi sits there as tears silently stream down his face?

 

     Just sit next to him and keep him company.

 

     Nanami sighs, walking over and sitting next to Megumi.  He doesn’t say anything at first, listening to the nature documentary as he thinks of what to say.  “You know…” Nanami begins after several moments of silence, “he may be an idiot but I’ve never once seen him go back on his word.  He’ll be back.”

 

     Megumi looks up at Nanami, his big eyes shining with tears.  “How-“ he hiccups, “how did you?”

 

     Nanami rubs the nape of his neck, carefully forming his words in his head.  “Well, your parents just… left.  I can only imagine what that’s like.  And with Gojo leaving for work I can’t even imagine how hurt and scared you must feel.”

 

     Megumi hiccups before angrily scrubbing at his eyes.  “Right.  I’m sorry it’s dumb.”

 

     Nanami frowns, “it’s not dumb.  Look at me,” he waits for Megumi to look at him before continuing, “do I look like I think it’s dumb?”

 

     Megumi stares a moment longer before hesitantly shaking his head.

 

     “Right because it’s not.  And I know that Gojo wouldn’t think it was dumb either.  Your feelings aren’t dumb.  Got it?”

 

     Megumi nods, wiping at his face again.  “Got it.”

 

•••

 

     Megumi and Nanami sit at the kitchen counter, Megumi with a hot coco and Nanami with a coffee.

 

     Nanami sips his coffee before speaking.  “So, what’s with the bear?”  He eyes the white bear seated at the counter with them, it’s own hot chocolate placed next to it.

 

     “He’s a stand in for Gojo.” Megumi swings his legs as he takes another sip of his treat.

 

     “Oh, a stand in?”

 

      “Yeah,” Megumi lays his head on the table, staring at the bear.  “He has the same dumb face.”

 

     Nanami chuckles, “he does. It’s like he never left.”

 

      “This Gojo is much quieter than the real one.  The real one doesn’t shut up.”

 

     Nanami sighs, “tell me about it.”

 

     Megumi takes another long sip of his drink.  “What is this?  It’s yummy.”

 

     Nanami stares at him, what kid hasn’t had hot chocolate?  “It’s hot coco.  Have you never had it before?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, “I was never allowed to have many sweets.  A Jujutsu Sorcerer must be in peak physical condition at all times!”

 

     Nanami frowns at how familiar the saying seems to Megumi.  Was this child anything more to Fushigiro than a future sorcerer?  Has Megumi really had a chance to be a kid?  “Well, I’m sure living with Gojo has been a change of pace.”

 

     Megumi nods, “he insists I have dessert with every meal.”

 

     Nanami nods, suddenly feeling glad that Megumi is with Gojo.  Maybe now the boy can have some sort of childhood.  “That sounds like him, given how he eats.”

 

     “He eats so much!  How can someone eat that much?”

 

     “I think Gojo just has a high metabolism.”  After Nanami speaks he realizes that his statement probably wouldn’t make sense to a four year old.

 

     As expected, Megumi gives him a confused expression.  He tries again, “Gojo’s stomach get hungrier faster than yours.”

 

     Megumi nods, “that makes sense.  You should listen to your tummy when it says your hungry!”

 

     Nanami smiles, he’s never been very fond of kids but maybe he can make an exception.

 

•••

 

     The two are currently sitting on the couch.  Megumi is curled up against Nanami’s side as he watches a documentary about penguins.

 

     Nanami doesn’t find the documentary very interesting but when he looks over to Megumi he finds the boy absolutely amazed by the tiny animals on the screen.

 

     This goes on for another hour before Megumi’s eyes start to droop.

 

     Nanami sighs, “alright, Megumi.  I think it’s time for bed.”

 

     Megumi shakes his head.  “Gojo said he’d call before I went to sleep.”

 

     Nanami hums, “that’s right.  He did say that.  I suppose we can wait a little longer.”

 

     Forty-five minutes passes before Nanami’s phone goes off.

 

     Megumi picks his head up and rubs at his eyes as Nanami answers.

 

     “Hey, Nanami!”  Gojo sounded tired, “is Megumi still up?”

 

     “He is, he wouldn’t go to sleep till you called.”

 

      Nanami then feels a tug on his sleeve.  He turns to see Megumi  looking up at him.  “He really wants to talk to you.”

 

     “He does!?  Oh that’s so great!  Put him on!”

 

•••

 

      Nanami hands the phone to Megumi.

 

     Megumi takes the phone, holding it up to his ear using both hands.  “Hello?”

 

     “Heya Gremlin!”  Megumi wasn’t sure why but hearing Gojo’s voice made his chest feel a little less tight.  “How’re ya doing?!  Not causing Nanami too much trouble are you?”

 

     “N-no,” Megumi’s voice wobbles.

 

     There’s a long pause on the other end before Gojo talks again.  “Hey, bud… what’s wrong?”  Gojo’s voice is soft, gentle, so different from his normal playful tone.

 

     “I-I don’t-“ Megumi sniffs, rubbing at his eyes.  What is wrong?  Why is he crying?  “When are you coming home?”  Megumi hates this, he hates how he feels upset and frustrated and he doesn’t know why.

 

     “Soon, Megumi, I promise.”  There’s something comforting in Gojo’s voice that Megumi just can’t place.  “I should be able to wrap this up by the end of the day tomorrow, ok?”

 

     “Promise?”

 

     Megumi’s voice is quiet, however it doesn’t stop Gojo from hearing him.  “I promise.  No curse stands a chance against me!”

 

     A small little laugh escapes Megumi as he wipes his nose on his sleeve.

 

     “So, did you do anything cool with Nanami?”

 

     Megumi nods, “I had hot coco.”

 

     “You did!?  That’s great!”  Gojo’s voice sounds a bit more upbeat now.  “Did you like it?”

 

     “Yeah… have you had hot coco before?”

 

     “Of course!”  Gojo’s pauses, “it tastes best during the holidays, though!  I’ll have to take you out to get some during Christmas time!”

 

     The thought of getting hot coco with Gojo brings a smile to Megumi’s face.  “That sounds fun.”  Megumi yawns, he really feels sleepy now.

 

     Gojo chuckles, “why don’t you go to sleep, kiddo?  I’ll see you tomorrow, ok?”

 

     Megumi rubs at his eyes again, “m’kay.  Night.”

 

     “Night, Gremlin.”
Notes:

    This one is a little shorter, I hope you enjoyed! Next chapter is the one I’ve all been dying to write! You guys will have to wait and see!

Chapter 5: Twins Are a Sign of Misfortune
Summary:

    When he steps into the house Nanami nearly gags. The stench of death is so palpable and fresh, he wonders how he didn’t smell it from outside.

     

    TRIGGER WARNING:
    -self-deprecating thoughts
    -Violence
    -semi-graphic(?) depictions of dead bodies
    -kinda normal canon violence tho so you should be fine

Notes:

    I’m sorry.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 5

 

 

     In many cultures… twins are considered a sign of misfortune.

 

     The Itadoris never thought that was the case.  They were blessed with two wonderful boys that mean the world to them.

 

     The family couldn’t be happier…

 

     And nothing could possibly change that.

 

•••

 

     Nanami sighs, this sucks.  It’s only been a couple months since Gojo’s taken Megumi in and it already seems like Nanami’s workload has increased! He’s had to fight four curses today, and it’s only noon!  Why did Gojo have to go and do something responsible for once?

 

    Well if Nanami had to clear this entire block by the end of the day he was going to stop for lunch.  So, he turns into the first deli he sees.

 

     It’s a quaint little place, but nothing special.  It doesn’t particularly strike Nanami as high-end but at this point, he’s too hungry to care.

 

     Nanami orders a ham and cheese sandwich.  It’s average and the bread seems a little stale but it will do.

 

     As Nanami sits outside to eat his sandwich he watches the people walk down the street.  He notes a few curses as they pass, he’ll have to remember what they look like so he can be sure to kill them later.

 

     Dread begins to form in the pit of Nanami’s stomach.  He isn’t sure why, there isn’t anything that would warrant it.  Most of the curses he’s fought are small and relatively harmless so this feeling seems rather unwarranted.  He tries to ignore it and finish his meal.

 

     By the time Nanami finishes his meal, the feeling has increased tenfold.  It irks him, this feeling of incoming doom that lingers over his head.  Maybe he shouldn’t have brushed the feeling off so easily earlier.

 

     Nanami shakes his head as he continues to walk the block.  He’s being ridiculous, he’s probably just been working too hard.  That’s it, he’s just stressed like usual… there’s nothing to actually worry about.  He’s just being paranoid that’s all…

 

     It’s then that Nanami turns the corner and feels it…

 

     He can sense a curse, but this doesn’t feel like the normal grade 4 curses that he’s come across all day…

 

     This one feels stronger.

 

      Nanami breaks out into a run towards where the curse is.  He makes it to a quaint little house.

 

     Nanami goes up the steps to find the door open.  The wood around the lock is splintered, seems like something forced its way in.

 

     When he steps into the house Nanami nearly gags.  The stench of death is so palpable and fresh, he wonders how he didn’t smell it from outside.

 

     Nanami takes out his weapon, mentally preparing himself for whatever he’s going to find here.  He takes a few steps forward before his foot touches something soft.

 

     Nanami looks down to see something white.  He picks it up only to find out that it’s a stuffed animal.  His lunch threatens to make an appearance he pieces together what this little tiger meant.

 

    A kid used to live here.

 

     Nanami stuffs the tiger into his pocket, taking a deep breath before continuing through the house, heading towards the curse.

 

     Nanami hears it before he sees it.  He can hear awful noises the curse makes.  He also hears something that makes his heart stop…

 

     He hears screaming.

 

     Nanami jumps into action.  He forces his way through the door, eyes immediately landing on the curse.

 

     The curse is big, easily a semi-grade one.  Its grade doesn’t really matter, however, Nanami doesn’t even give it a chance to look in his direction.

 

     Nanami cuts the curse clean through in one motion.  He only relaxes once the curse has completely disappeared.  It’s only then that Nanami becomes aware of his surroundings.

 

     There’s blood everywhere,  it’s on the floor on the walls.  Nanami follows the blood down to the floor and - oh god.  He looks away, he can’t take it.  How many people make up that pile of shredded flesh?  Two?  Three?  Nanami wasn’t sure he wanted to know.

 

     Nanami’s eyes glance to the corner to find two pairs of eyes staring at him.

 

      Nanami takes a step closer to the two, the stuffed animal suddenly feeling very heavy in his pocket.  He stares into two sets of eyes, one pair wide and shining with fear, the other sharp and piercing.

 

     Another step.  He notices the two are similar in height, one hides behind the other.

 

     Another step.  He notices the matching curse marks that mark each of them, two little lines under their eyes.

 

     Nanami puts his weapon away before kneeling down.  The two children are covered in grime and blood that covers most of their features.

 

      One hides further behind the other, his wide eyes being shielded from Nanami’s view.

 

     “It’s alright…” Nanami’s eyes travel to the small tiger held tightly in the timid one’s hand.

 

     Nanami takes out the tiger from his pocket, handing it to the other.  “You’re safe now.”

 

     The one in the back pokes his head out, staring at the tiger as the other takes it from Nanami’s hand.

 

     “My name is Kento Nanami.  I’m a Jujutsu Sorcerer.”  He makes sure to keep his voice calm and quiet, despite the sick feeling growing in his stomach.  “I’m here to help you two.”  Nanami holds his hand out, giving the two the best smile he can manage.

 

     The one in front made no effort to move, instead deciding to glare suspiciously at Nanami.

 

     The other, however, came out from behind his brother hesitantly.  He puts his small hand in Nanami’s, eyes still overflowing with tears.

 

      Nanami scoops the boy into his arms without hesitation.  The boy buries his head into Nanami’s shoulder and holding tight onto the older man.

 

     It’s now that his brother has warmed up to him that the other decides to stand next to Nanami.  He grabs the hem of Nanami’s shirt with one hand and his tiger with the other.

 

      Nanami leads the two out of the house before fishing his phone out of his pocket and dialing a number.

 

     “Principal Yaga, we have a situation.”

 

•••

 

     Yuji and Ryomen Sukuna Itadori.  Nanami learns those are the two boys’ names once Principal Yaga arrives.

 

     An entire team is there to deal with the carnage left in the curse’s wake while Nanami is left to help the two survivors in any way he can.

 

     Yuji cried himself to sleep ages ago.  He’s pressed against Nanami’s chest holding onto the collar of the man’s shirt with one hand and the grimy tiger with the other.

 

     Sukuna (Nanami also learned that Ryomen goes by his middle name) sits next to the two.  He stares at his lap and doesn’t say much.  Nanami can tell the boy is trying his best to hold it together, but the day has taken its toll, and soon he’s leaning on Nanami.

 

     Nanami looks down at these two boys, he feels sick.  How could this happen?  How could he let this happen?  Maybe if he’d just picked up the pace a little.  Or if he hadn’t stopped for lunch…

 

     God, why did he stop for lunch?

 

     “Hey,” the familiar voice pulls Nanami from his self-deprecating thoughts.  He turns to the left to see Gojo, a coffee in either hand.  He hands one to Nanami, who gladly takes it.  “Heard what happened.”

 

     Gojo’s face is grim as he sits down next to the three.

 

     Nanami takes a sip of his drink.  “Where’s Megumi?”

 

     “At home, asleep.  First night he’s managed to sleep in his own room for so long.”

 

     Nanami raises an eyebrow, “you left a kid home alone?”

 

     “It’s not like that!”  Gojo pouts, taking a long sip of his coffee.  “I explained to him what happened and that I was just checking up on you real fast.  His demon dogs are out and keeping watch for the thirty minutes I’m gone.  I told him I’d sit with him till he fell asleep before I left.”

 

     “So you did leave a kid home alone.”  Nanami somehow finds it in himself to smirk.  “How irresponsible of you, you’re no better than Fushigiro.”

 

     “Hey, don’t compare me to that Bastard!”  Gojo’s whispering has escalated into hushed yells, “I’m not leaving him alone for days on end, it’s like 30 minutes!  And I made sure my number was somewhere he could easily access before I left!  And I made sure it was alright with him!  I wasn’t gonna leave if he wasn’t ok with it!”

 

     Nanami scoffs, “please, you know that kid won’t go against what you say.  He’s too worried you’ll leave too.”

 

     Gojo doesn’t say anything for a moment as the expression on his face changes from angered to sad.  He looks up at the sky, “he’s getting better about it.  He’ll fight me on something he’s really against doing.”  A sad smile makes its way onto Gojo’s face, “it really hurts, seeing him struggle so much over something he had no control over.  I’m glad he’s doing at least a little better.”

 

     It’s Nanami’s turn to look at the sky, finally realizing that at some point the sun had gone down.  It makes Nanami wonder how long he’s been with these kids.  “Me too.”
Notes:

    Well, Itadori and Sukuna are finally in the story! We’ve time skipped a little (and it’s totally NOT because I was impatient and really wanted these two in the story). I am sorry to all the people hoping that Nanami’s first interaction was going to be cute and sweet because it most definitely was not.

Chapter 6: Does it Ever Get Better?
Summary:

    “I’ve been… better.” Nanami puts his mug down, opting to put his hands in his head. “Does it ever get better?”

    Gojo nods, “eventually. The good outweighs the bad and the guilt becomes more bearable over time.”

     

     

    TRIGGER WARNING:
    - Vomiting
    -Self deprecating thoughts
    - Gojo’s Cooking

Notes:

    The twins aren’t in this chapter, it’s more so Nanami and how he deals with what happened.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It’s been a day since the Itadori incident…

  

   Needless to say, Nanami isn’t doing great.

 

     He hasn’t slept at all, and the guilt he feels threatens to choke him every time he takes a breath.

 

     It’s noon, Nanami’s hungry.  He hasn’t eaten since lunch yesterday.  He should probably eat something, but every time he goes to eat he feels sick.

 

      So yeah, Nanami isn’t doing great, but that’s ok.  He knows this feeling of crushing guilt will never truly go away, he’ll just have to learn to live with it.

 

     The first step to that, he supposed would be to eat something.  So he grabs the first thing he sees, some leftovers from the other night, and forces some of it down.  He needs to eat something, after all.

 

     It’s about 15 minutes later that Nanami realizes that was a bad idea.  He sits next to the toilet as he retches up the little he’d managed to eat.

 

     When the vomiting stops, Nanami leans back and sits there for a moment, staring at the ceiling.  He wonders if the twins are doing better than the last time he saw them. 

 

     Nanami hasn’t seen the two since last night.  They are currently in Principal Yaga’s care until they can find a family member to take them in.  

 

     Nanami really hopes Principal Yaga will find them soon. 

 

    ••

 

     Megumi stands at the kitchen counter.  Even on the stool, he has to stand on his tiptoes to reach the bowl.  “Why are we baking bread again?”

 

     “It’s for Uncle Nanami!”  Gojo stares at the cookbook, trying to decipher the words on the page. 

 

     “Stop calling him that!  And why does he need bread?  Can’t he just get it from the store?”

 

     Gojo sighs, putting the book down.  Megumi deserves an explanation of some sort.  He goes over to Megumi and bends down to meet his eyes.  “You know what it means to be a Jujutsu Sorcerer, right?”

 

     Megumi nods his head, his eyes wide.  “You fight curses to protect people.”

 

     “Right.  To protect people,” Gojo pauses, should this really be a conversation he’s having with a four-year-old?  “Sometimes, Megumi you just… can’t protect everyone.”  He tells him anyway.  Gojo knows Megumi, he’s smart and mature enough to understand. 

 

     “Oh,” Megumi's voice sounds small.  “Nanami couldn’t protect someone?”

 

     Gojo nods, his facial expression grim.  “These things happen, it’s part of our line of work.  But, even though he couldn’t save everyone he still managed to save two sweet boys, as well as everyone else that curse would’ve killed had Nanami not taken care of it.  But Nanami’s not one to focus on what he did do, only on what he didn’t do.  Do you understand?”

 

     Megumi nods, “Nanami feels bad cuz he couldn’t protect everyone.”

 

     “Exactly!”  Gojo stands up, going back to reading the cookbook.  “So we’re baking his favorite food to make him feel better!”

 

     The two don’t say anything for a while after that, Gojo’s nose buried deep in the cookbook as he struggles to decipher it. 

 

     “Gojo?”  Megumi’s voice is so quiet that Gojo almost doesn’t hear him.

 

     Gojo hums in acknowledgment, not bothering to look up from his book.  

 

     There’s a moment of silence as if Megumi’s hesitant to speak.  “Have you ever not been able to protect someone?”

 

     Gojo goes rigid.  Of all the things Megumi could’ve asked, that was the one question he wasn’t expecting.  He looks up from his book and gives Megumi a sad smile.  “Like I said, it’s part of the job,” Gojo’s voice is strained, and isn’t as strong sounding as he’d like.  Sure, there have been people that Gojo couldn’t save, strangers with families that held no real significance to him besides being people he was meant to save.  It hurt sure, but never for long.  But, what hurts the most, the thing that leaves his chest aching, that keeps him up at night, is the fact that he didn’t realize sooner that Megumi needed him.  It haunts him every day that this boy that he saw at school by himself every day, that felt alone and abandoned, needed someone to save him and Gojo never realized .  It sounds ridiculous now.  Now Gojo can immediately tell when this boy- when his boy needs him.  If only he’d realized sooner, then maybe Megumi wouldn’t have to deal with everything he’s been through. 

 

     Gojo’s brought out of his thoughts when a pair of small arms wrap around his waist.  He looks down at Megumi, surprised. The boy isn’t usually this openly affectionate.  “What are you doing?”

 

     “You feel bad too,” Megumi’s words are muffled by Gojo’s shirt.  “It’s ok, you’ve protected a bunch of people.”  Megumi looks up at Gojo, big eyes shining with tears that are too stubborn to truly fall.  “You protect me… so please don’t feel bad.”

 

     That’s all it takes.  That simple sentence is all it takes for the dam to break.  A bout of emotions washes over Gojo and suddenly he’s crying.  

 

     Gojo kneels down and embraces Megumi, holding him with a tenderness that Megumi returns full force.

 

     Gojo presses his face into Megumi’s hair, and through his tears utters two simple words: “thank you.”

 

•••

 

     There’s a knock on the door.

 

     Nanami groans, opting to stay on the couch and ignore it.  That is until there’s a second knock…

 

     Then a third.

 

     Nanami sighs, forcing himself off his couch and to the door.  When he opens it he finds Gojo and Megumi.  Gojo is holding Megumi and Megumi is holding… a black brick?

 

     “Surprise Nanami!”  Gojo sings, giving Nanami a smile.

 

     Megumi holds out the black brick.  “We made bread.  Sorry, it’s ruined, someone doesn’t know how to follow instructions.”

 

     “I did follow the directions!  Our oven is just cursed!”

 

      Nanami watches as the two make jabs at each other.  Why are they here?  Couldn’t Nanami just suffer in peace?

 

      “Here, Nanami,” Megumi moves his torso as far from Gojo and the older man will allow, holding the “bread” out.  “I hope you feel better.”

 

     Nanami manages a smile as he takes the food (if you can even call it that) from Megumi, “thank you.  Would you like to come in for tea?”  He hopes they’ll say no, he just asked to be polite really.

 

     Megumi lets out a gasp, “do you have hot cocoa?”  His eyes sparkle in excitement as he squirms in Gojo’s grip in an attempt to get closer to Nanami.

 

     This time, Nanami’s smile is genuine.  Megumi is adorable after all, he can make anyone’s day better.  “I do.  Would you like some?”

 

     Megumi nods, “yes please!”

 

     Nanami chuckles, so enthusiastic.  “Come on in.”

 

•••

 

      Nanami watches Megumi from where he and Gojo sit.  He’ll never understand how anyone can ever be so entertained by nature documentaries.

 

      “So,” Nanami’s eyes are pulled from Megumi as Gojo speaks.  “How ya holding up?”

 

       Nanami rubs the back of his neck, looking down at his reflection from the tea in his hands.  “You want the honest answer or the easy one?”

 

      “Honest.”  There’s no playfulness in his tone, no smile on his face.  Satoru Gojo is in full serious mode.  

 

      “I’ve been… better.”  Nanami puts his mug down, opting to put his hands in his head.  “Does it ever get better?”

 

     Gojo nods, “eventually.  The good outweighs the bad and the guilt becomes more bearable over time.” 

 

     There’s a moment of silence between the two before Nanami speaks.  “Have you heard anything about the twins?”

 

     “They’re doing as good as you can expect.”  Gojo takes a sip of his drink before continuing, “Principal Yaga is looking for someone who can temporarily take them in until they can find a family member to take them.”

 

     Nanami’s eyes widen in surprise, that was news to him.  “I thought he was watching them until the meantime?”

 

     “The principal is a busy man.  He already has Panda to look after on top of everything else.”

 

     Nanami sighs in reply, he supposes that does make sense.

 

     “He was actually hoping you’d take them in.”

 

      Nanami’s eyes widen, “what?  Why would those kids want anything to do with me?”

 

     “You saved them.”

 

      “No!  I didn’t!”  Nanami slams his hand on the table before standing up.  “I ruined their lives, Gojo!  I destroyed their family!”

 

     “That’s not true!  You saved them!  You gave them a second chance!”

 

     “I ruined whatever chance they ever had of a normal childhood!”  Nanami’s breathing was uneven and his eyes burned with ushed tears.

 

     When Gojo doesn’t say anything, Nanami continues.  “The only chance they have is to find a family member that can take them in where they can pretend that none of this ever happened!  And I will not be taking that away by taking them in for god knows how long!”

 

     Nanami rubs his fingers through his hair before letting his head droop.  When he speaks again, his voice is low, “I won’t do that to them.”

 
Notes:

    Woo Nanami dealing with guilt poorly! Who can blame him tho? Never fear, your favorite twins will be back next chapter!

Chapter 7: Tigers Have Feelings Too
Summary:

    Nanami never saw himself filling his kitchen sink with water and detergent to give a stuffed animal a bath but here he was.

     

    TIRGGER WARNING:
    -mention of Trauma ig. Does that need a warning? I never know what needs a TW or not

Notes:

    I’m back baby! Not much happens but it’s setting up the future chapters so

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Chapter 7

 

 

     Nanami startles awake to the sound of someone pounding on his door.

 

     Whoever is at his door sounds so frantic that Nanami forgets to be annoyed as he rushes to the door.

 

     He opens the door to find Gojo.  He looks like he just rolled out of bed, he didn’t even have his glasses on.

 

     “Gojo?”  Nanami frowns, “what’s wrong?”

 

      “It’s the twins.”

 

•••

 

     Nanami sits with Gojo in silence.  They wait for Principal Yaga to get out of the meeting with the elders.

 

     Nanami has no idea how long they’ve been waiting when the door finally opens.

 

     Gojo and Nanami stand up upon seeing Principal Yaga.

 

      “Well?”  The anticipation is killing Nanami.

 

     Principal Yaga sighs, “they want to take the boys in and train them to be Jujutsu Sorcerers.  They believe that it was the twins’ cursed energy that attracted the curse in the first place and that it would be best to train them to use that power instead of putting anyone else in danger.”

 

     Nanami’s eyes grow wide, how could they agree on something like this!?  They’re children!  They deserve love and happiness, not for their childhoods to be ripped away from them!

 

     Nanami feels something wash over him and suddenly he has the urge to do something about this.  So, he walks into the meeting room where he’s met with the attention of everyone in the room.

 

     “Excuse me, young man, you’re not supposed to be in here.”

 

     Nanami takes a deep breath to maintain his composure.  “You’re not sending those kids away.”

 

     One of the elders speaks up, “oh?  And who are you to go against what we say?”

 

     Nanami takes a step closer, “they’re children!  They deserve a childhood!”  Nanami thinks of Megumi.  Of how until recently he never had a true childhood.  Of how much the boy struggles with feeling loved and being away from those he cared about…

 

     Nanami wasn’t going to let that happen to anyone else if he could help it.

 

     “Unfortunately, young man, you don’t have a say in the matter.”

 

    Nanami puffs his chest out, he’s not backing down.  “Be reasonable, here!  They’re four! ”

 

     Principal Gakuganji hums before speaking.  “I must admit, I’m a tad weary of this decision as well.  However, it is impossible to put those children in a home without the risk of them attracting more curses.  So tell me, do you have a proposition for us?”

 

     Relief washes over Nanami.  He mentally thanks Gamuganji for giving Nanami the opportunity to be heard out.  “I’ll take the boys in.  I’ll be able to teach them to regulate their cursed energy.  I’ll be able to keep them safe and then they can train to become Jujutsu Sorcerers when they’re old enough.”

 

      Murmurs are heard throughout the room before one of them speaks up.  “Very well.  We’ll give you twenty-four hours to get everything in order.”

 

•••

 

     Moving all of Nanami’s belongings to a bigger living space was difficult.  Even with Gojo’s teleporting ability they still had to move everything halfway across campus.

 

     Nanami grabs plates out of their boxes before putting them away in the kitchen.  He looks over to the room attached to it.  The living room has several boxes that need to be put away but at least the couch is in there.  He’s surprised he and Gojo were able to move it.  But now that it’s in the house Megumi is curled up on top of it.  The poor kid fell asleep after insisting he help out.

 

     Moving in is going to take a while.

 

•••

 

     “Are you sure about this,” Principal Yaga asks.  “It’s not too late to back out.”

 

     Nanami stares at the door as he nods.

 

     Principal Yaga nods, “very well.”

 

     The two enter the room to find the twins in the middle of it.  It amazes Nanami just how similar the two look, it’s gonna take a while to be able to tell the two apart.

 

     One of the twins is coloring while the other sits next to him and watches.

 

     Principal Yaga clears his throat, “Sukuna, Yuji!”

 

      The two look up.  The one that is coloring leans closer to his brother, lip wobbling before burying his head into his brother’s back.

 

     Principal Yaga sighs causing Nanami to look at him, “Yuji is a little scared of me I’m afraid.  Can’t imagine why.”

 

     Nanami could.  It’s only been about a week since the incident.  He could see Principal Yaga’s big build and serious face scare any kid, let alone one that’s recently gone through a traumatic event.

 

     Nanami takes a step forward, “hello boys.  It’s good to see you again.”

 

     Nanami kneels as Yuji pokes his head out from its hiding place.

 

     “I don’t believe I properly introduced myself.  I’m Kento Nanami.  I’m going to be taking care of you two for a while.”

 

     Yuji wipes his eyes before hesitantly inching towards Nanami.

 

      Nanami gives him a soft smile before giving a nod.  “It’s alright,” he holds his hand out.

 

      Yuji slowly puts his hand in Nanami’s.

 

      “There ya go.  Now let’s get you two packed up.”

 

•••

 

     Nanami does not know what he’s doing.

 

     Sukuna seems to be adjusting fairly well to his new home.  It’s Yuji that Nanami is at a loss of what to do with.

 

     Yuji sits on the floor of the living room.  He’s been crying since they got here, and the worst part is he won’t tell Nanami what’s wrong.

 

     It’s been about five minutes now and Nanami’s attempt at trying to soothe the kid with words has been a flop.  Nanami decides it’s time to try a different approach.  He stands up before going back down to scoop Yuji up.

 

      Yuji reacts immediately, clinging to Nanami as if he were a lifeline.

 

      Nanami begins to walk around the room, rubbing the kid’s back in a soothing motion.  It takes about five minutes for Yuji’s crying to die down to sniffles.

 

     Nanami feels the tension in his shoulder lessen.  He smoothes Yuji’s hair down, “there we go.  Now, can you try and tell me what’s wrong?”

 

     Yuji leans back so he’s looking at Nanami.  He opens his mouth to speak, only for no words to come out.  Yuji closes his mouth, his lower lip wobbling as he begins to cry again.

 

      Nanami shushes him as he pulls him in closer.  Nanami’s confused, it looked like Yuji wanted to tell him what was wrong, so why didn’t he?

 

     Nanami’s breath caught in his throat when his mind made the connection for him… can Yuji not speak?  “Hey, Sukuna?”

 

      Sukuna looks over from his spot on the couch, giving Nanami a hum in response.

 

     Nanami swallows the lump in his throat before speaking, “can Yuji speak?”

 

     Sukuna frowns, his eyebrows scrunch in a way that makes him look even cuter.  “Yeah, Yuji would talk all the time but after…” Sukuna trails off taking a deep breath.  “He’s hasn’t really said anything in a while.”

 

     Nanami nods, his heart sinking.  Looks like Yuji can’t tell him what’s wrong.  “Hey, it’s alright,” Nanami’s voice comes out watery.  How could this happen to this sweet kid?  “You don’t have to say anything.  It’s ok, why don’t you show me instead?”

 

     Yuji sniffs before pulling back to look at Nanami, tilting his head in confusion.

 

      “You know, there are lots of ways to tell me something without talking.”  Nanami gives him a smile, “you can point, or can draw it.  You can even say words without speaking.  You can nod your head yes,” Nanami pauses to demonstrate.  “Or shake your head no,” he demonstrates again.  “You can even use faces to tell me how you feel.”  Nanami runs a hand through Yuji’s hair before continuing, “let’s start with nodding your head yes or no, ok?”

 

     Yuji slowly nods his head.

 

     Nanami smiles a real genuine one.  “That’s great!  Ok, here’s another question.  Does anything hurt?”

 

     Yuji shakes his head.  A no then, good.

 

     “Are you hungry?”

 

     Another no.

 

     “Are you tired?”

 

     Another no.

 

     “Are you scared?”

 

      Yuji nods, a yes this time.

 

     Nanami mentally slaps himself.  Of course, he’s scared, what kid wouldn’t be scared in this situation?  He hugs Yuji tight, “oh, I know it’s scary.  I’m right here.  Is there anything I can do to help?”

 

     Yuji nods, his nose brushing Nanami’s shoulder.

 

    “You wanna show me?”

 

     When Yuji nods Nanami puts him down.  Yuji walks over to the couch picking up a small tiger stuffed animal.

 

     Nanami walks over, “a tiger?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

     Nanami tries to think, what could that possibly mean?  He looks to Sukuna, surely he’d have a better idea of what that meant.

 

     “That’s my tiger.  Yuji has a white one.  He carries it everywhere.”

 

     Oh, so that’s it.  The tiger acts as Yuji’s security blanket.  “Did you lose him?”

 

     Yuji nods, squeezing the stuffed animal tight.

 

     “Why don’t we look for him?  Surely he’s around here somewhere.”

 

     It takes about twenty minutes for them to find the tiger.  It had gotten mixed in with Yuji’s clothes when they’d packed up.

 

     The tiger wasn’t dirty per se, but from the years of love, its white fur is now muddied with several stains.

 

     The newer stains leave a sour taste in Nanami’s mouth.  It doesn’t take a genius for him to figure out the stains came from

the night he met the twins.

 

     Nanami turns to Yuji to find him holding his arms out for his toy.  He kneels down and hands it to the boy.  “He’s looking a little dirty, how bout we give him a bath?”

 

     Yuji looks to his tiger then to Nanami.  He looks hesitant at first, probably afraid of loosing him again.  Eventually though, Yuji nods his head.

 

     Nanami never saw himself filling his kitchen sink with water and detergent to give a stuffed animal a bath but here he was.  He felt silly.  Normally he’d just throw whatever needed to be cleaned in the washer and his detergent always managed to get any stain out.  However, Nanami was pretty sure Yuji wouldn’t take his tiger going in the wash very well.

 

     Yuji rubs the tiger gently, making sure he’s scrubbed down.  He seems… content.

 

     Nanami feels something tug on the hem of his shirt.  He looks down to see Sukuna.  “What’s up?”

 

     “What are you doing?”  Sukuna stands on his tip toes, not that it does much to help him see.

 

      “Yuji’s tiger needed a bath.”   Nanami smiles at Sukuna, “I’m sorry.  I got so focused on trying to help Yuji.  I’m sure this is just as difficult for you too.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “no.  I’m ok!  I’m the older brother so I gotta make sure Yuji’s ok!”

 

      Nanami laughs, “what a good big brother.  Just don’t forget to make sure you’re ok too.”

 
Notes:

    Ta da! Nanami and the twins are finally together!

Chapter 8: Suck it Up
Summary:

    He hates it. He hates being scared. He hates that he feels like crying. He needs to be strong for his baby brother. He needs to be brave because Yuji can’t be. He can’t be scared.

Notes:

    I am back! I hope you enjoy, I honestly really love the end bit. I thought it seemed short but it felt right to end it there so I did!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

     Nanami wakes in a panic to the sound of screaming.  He throws himself out of bed and makes it to the twins’ room in record time.

 

     When he swings the door open he finds Sukuna trying to soothe a very distressed Yuji. 

 

     Nanami walks to the bed.  He sits down before scooping the two up.  He doesn’t say anything, he just holds the two tight and waits for Yuji to calm down and his screaming to cease.

 

     Nanami isn’t sure how much time has passed when Yuji finally settles down a bit, it could’ve been hours for all he knows.  

 

     The peace lasts for about three seconds before Yuji begins to cry.  Hoarse sobs rack his whole body.

 

     Nanami winces, with the lack of speaking he’s sure Yuji’s throat must hurt after that.  He shushes Yuji and pushes back his hair, “it’s ok.  I’m right here.  Was it a bad dream?”  A dumb question, of course it was a bad dream.  What else could it be?

 

     Yuji responds, nodding his head before burying his head into Nanami’s chest.

 

     Nanami gives him a sad smile.  It hurt, seeing these sweet innocent kids suffering so much.  It wasn’t fair.  How can the world be such a cruel place?

 

     Nanami smoothes down the boys’ hair.  “How about we go get something sweet and I’ll stay with you guys all night?”

 

     Yuji nods, his face rubbing against Nanami’s shirt.

 

     Nanami gets up.  He held one kid in each arm as he walked out to the kitchen.

 

     When they got to the kitchen Sukuna squirmed, a request to be put down.

 

     Nanami complies, putting Sukuna down gives him a free hand after all.  He looks down at Yuji, the boy clings to him tightly.  

 

     Nanami takes notice of how Yuji shakes in his hold.  That nightmare must’ve really rattled him.  “How about some hot coco?”

 

     Yuji nods, a yes then.  Good, Nanami doesn’t really have any other sweets.

 

     It takes a few minutes but once the drink is done the three sit at the table.  Well, four if you include Yuji’s tiger. 

 

     Sukuna stares at Nanami and Yuji, sipping his drink.

 

     Yuji sits on Nanami’s lap, his giant mug in both hands.  He blows on the drink carefully as he stares at it intently. 

 

     Nanami’s heart gives a little squeeze at how cute it is.  He runs his hand through Yuji’s hair, causing the boy to look up at him.

 

     Yuji’s eyes are big and round and so very cute.  Nanami thinks he might just melt when they crinkle as Yuji gives him a smile.

 

     Nanami chuckles, giving Yuji a smile as well.  How can someone love two kids so much after only knowing them for a day?  Nanami isn’t sure, but he does know it’s impossible not to love these kids.  “Are you two enjoying your hot chocolate?”

 

     “Yes, it’s good!  Thank you Mr. Nanami,” Sukuna takes another big sip of his drink after speaking.

 

     “Just Nanami is fine, Sukuna.”

 

     “Whatever you say, Mr. Nanami.”

 

     Nanami sighs and shakes his head, eventually Sukuna will be comfortable enough to not be so formal around him.

 

     Nanami looks down to Yuji.  “What about you?  Do you like it?”

 

     Yuji gives Nanami a nod before sipping his drink.

 

      Nanami laughs, running his hand through Yuji’s hair again.  “I’m glad.”

 

 

     Nanami wakes up to a crick in his neck and a weight on his chest.  He cracks open his eyes to discover that it’s actually two weights.  He sighs, when had they fallen asleep on the couch?

 

     Doesn’t matter, all Nanami knows is that he is trapped till they wake up.

 

     He looks down at the twins, noticing Sukuna’s arm draped over Yuji.  He smiles, they look so peaceful. 

 

 

     “I can’t eat this.”

 

     Nanami stares at Sukuna, utterly frustrated.  “What’s wrong with it?”

 

     “It’s too hard.”

 

      Nanami sighs, how on earth are corn flakes too hard?  “Well if you’d add milk then they’d soften.”

 

     “But then it would be too wet.”

 

     Nanami throws his hands up into the air, what on earth was this child talking about?  “How about you try something else for breakfast then?  What about fruit?”

 

     “Depends on the fruit.”

 

     “Well what fruit do you like?”

 

     “Strawberries.”

 

      Oh thank god, something he has.  “Strawberries I got!”  Nanami goes to the fridge, grabbing the strawberries and putting some in a bowl before bringing it over.  “Here, trade.”

 

     Sukuna hands him the bowl of cereal in exchange for the fruit before eating it with no complaints.

 

     Good, that’s one kid down.  Nanami turns to Yuji to find him still staring at his cereal.  He finds a seat next to the kid before talking, “hey, what’s up?”

 

     Yuji shakes his head.

 

     Nanami’s brow furrow, a no?  “No?  No what?  You barely ate anything for dinner last night.  Aren’t you hungry?”

 

     Yuji shrugs.

 

     “Not really?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

     Nanami hums, that doesn’t seem right, kids tend to eat a lot since they’re growing right?  “Could you try eating some for me?  I know you’re not very hungry but you need to eat something.”

 

     Yuji nods before forcing himself to eat.

 

     Nanami frowns.  He’s worried.  Something definitely isn’t right.

 

     Just then, Nanami’s phone rings.  He looks to see that it’s Gojo.  He turns to the twins, “I’m gonna go in the other room to take this, ok?  Sukuna, just give a shout if either of you need me.”

 

     Nanami steps out of the kitchen before picking up.

 

     “Hey, Nanami!  What took so long?”

 

     “Sorry.  What did you need?”

 

     “Just calling to see how you were doing!  How are the twins?”

 

     Nanami sighs, what does he say?  “As good as can be expected.  Sukuna seems fine.  Well adjusted, a little closed off but, again, it’s to be expected.”

 

     “And what about-“ Gojo stops mid sentence, “Megumi!  Put that down please!  You’re gonna hurt yourself!”  There’s a moment of silence before Gojo speaks again, “sorry.  What about Yuji?”

 

     Nanami cringes, “He’s timid, sensitive, and… he can’t talk.”  It felt heavy on his tongue to admit it out loud, he didn’t like it.

 

     “What?  What do you mean?”

 

     “I mean he can’t talk, Gojo.  He’s mute.”  It hurt, oh god those two words hurt so much more than he was willing to admit.

 

     “Are you sure?”

 

     “Positive.”  Nanami takes as deep a breath as his lungs will allow, “I don’t know what to do, Gojo.”

 

     “You could take them to a specialist.”

 

      Nanami shakes his head, “are you serious?  I can’t throw another complete stranger into their lives!  They need time to adjust first before I do something like that.”

 

     Gojo doesn’t say anything for a moment.  “You need to take them to the doctor for a checkup anyway since you don’t have any knowledge of their medical history you should probably go within the week to make sure everything’s in order.  I’ll recommend you to the doctor I take Megumi to!  She’s one of the on campus doctors.  Very sweet, she’s got a degree in child psychology too so she’s super good with kids.  I’ll give her a call, explain the situation to her and while you’re there she can give you some tips on what to do.”

 

     Nanami isn’t quite sure what to say.  For once Gojo actually has a good idea.  “The world must be ending for you to actually have a good idea.”

 

     “Hey!  My ideas are great and you know it!”

 

 

     Nanami discovers quickly that Yuji is very strong.  This is a problem since he doesn’t realize just how strong he is.  So naturally, quite a few things have been broken.

 

     Nanami watches as Yuji accidentally rips the box of crayons leading to the crayons in question to go flying everywhere.  Which, unfortunately startles Yuji.

 

     Nanami’s walks over to pick Yuji up the second he hears crying.  He smoothes the back of Yuji’s hair, walking him around the room as he does. 

 

     Nanami’s sure breaking things has always been a normal occurrence for the boy.  The only difference from then is that now he’s scared of everything.

 

     Nanami sighs, he’s exhausted and it’s not even two.  He hopes this’ll get better soon.

 

 

     Sukuna doesn’t know what to think of Nanami.  He’s big and grumpy looking.  But he supposes if Yuji likes him then he can stay… for now.

 

     For someone so unapproachable, Sukuna thinks he’s surprisingly… gentle?  He can’t really think of another word to describe him. The way Nanami holds his baby brother with such care makes Sukuna a little less wary of him.  

 

     He’s helping Yuji, and that’s all Sukuna could really ask for.

 

      Sukuna does know one thing though, he hates Nanami’s house.  It’s not that it’s a bad house, it’s just every room is small.  He can’t stand being in most rooms in the house.  

 

      The only room he likes being in is the living room.  It’s connected to the kitchen so the room feels open.  In the living room it’s not small and cluttered like that room in his old house. 

 

     Sukuna wishes that all the rooms in the house were like this one.  He supposes he’ll just have to suck it up.

 

 

Sukuna felt silly.  This is his and Yuji’s room now, he shouldn’t be feeling this way.  But the room is too small and the lights are off and everything just feels wrong .  It’s too dark, and there are too many things in the room. 

 

     Sukuna jumps at every shadow he sees.  Each one he sees resembles that thing somehow and he hates it.  He hates being scared.  He hates that he feels like crying.  He needs to be strong for his baby brother.  He needs to be brave because Yuji can’t be.  He can’t be scared. 

 

     Sukuna wants nothing more than to run out of the room and head to the only bearable room in the house but that would involve leaving Yuji.  He’ll just have to suck it up.

 

     Sukuna buries his head in his pillow, trying to block out the room but that seems to make it worse.  He sits back up, surely there’s something he can do?

 

     The thought of going to Nanami crosses his mind.  Nanami’s big and strong, surely he’d kill any monster that may be lurking around.  The thought quickly leaves Sukuna’s mind, if he got Nanami then he’d be taking him away from Yuji.  Yuji needs Nanami more than he does.

 

     Maybe the room wouldn’t be so bad if it wasn’t so dark.  At least then he’d be able to see if a monster was coming.  It sounded like a good enough plan, only if he turned the light on then Yuji would wake up.  Maybe the hall light?  He could turn that light on and keep the door open.

 

     Sukuna nods, now that he has his solution the only thing he has to do is get up and do it.  So, he gets up and heads to the hallway as quietly as he can.  

 

     Once he turns the light on, Sukuna goes back into the room, leaving the door open before crawling into bed.  Now that he can see, the room isn’t so scary.  



     The room is still far too cramped, it leaves Sukuna with an uneasy feeling in his chest.  There’s nothing he can do about that though, he’ll just have to suck it up.
Notes:

    I feel the need to clarify that though they’re twins, Sukuna is older and so he considers him his “baby brother” even though they’re like 2 minutes apart in age.

Chapter 9: Helpless
Summary:

    When Gojo sits down the weight of the situation comes crashing down. How did this happen? Why did this happen? How did he not realize sooner that something was up? God, if he wasn’t so concerned about his schoolwork maybe he would’ve noticed sooner. He shouldn’t have just brushed his paranoia off earlier.

Notes:

    What? You thought I was just gonna have the twins suffer? Naaaaaah

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

     Megumi wakes up feeling pretty crummy.  His chest hurts and his head feels like it’s been stuffed with cotton.  His whole body aches and his face feels hot.  It’s not a great way to wake up.

 

     He snuggles further into Gojo.  The older man has him trapped under his arm.

 

     The thought of waking Gojo up and telling him he doesn’t feel good crosses his mind.  But Megumi knows that the last few days Gojo’s been staying up late trying to catch up on all his schoolwork.  So he closes his eyes and goes back to bed, Gojo is stressed enough right now, besides it’s nothing a little sleep won’t solve.

 

 

 

     When Nanami goes to check on the boys in the morning he finds the hallway light on.  Odd, he’s sure he turned it off.  The door to their bedroom is also open he was sure he closed it.

 

     He peaks through the door to find the two asleep.  He smiles, he’s glad they’re getting some sleep after the night before.

 

     He silently heads back to the kitchen.  He’ll let them sleep while he makes breakfast.

 

     Nanami decides to cook eggs over rice, he just hopes that the other two will like it.

 

     Just as he finishes up with breakfast, Nanami feels a tug on the bottom of his shirt.  He looks down to spot Yuji looking up at him.

 

     Nanami smiles, bending down to pick Yuji up.  “Good morning, Little One!  Did you sleep well?”

 

     Yuji shrugs before cuddling up against Nanami.  He points to the pan on the stove.

 

     “Oh, this?  It’s breakfast.  I hope you and Sukuna like eggs.”

 

     Yuji nods his head, his cheek rubbing against Nanami’s shoulder.

 

     Nanami chuckles.  “I’m glad, I like them too.  Try to eat some, ok?  I know it’s hard but you really do need to eat more.”  It worries Nanami just how little this boy eats.  It’s even more worrying just how light this boy is, Nanami doesn’t like it.

 

     Yuji nods, bunching the collar of Nanami’s shirt into his hand.

 

     Nanami kisses the top of Yuji’s hair.  “Thank you, Bug.  Now let’s go wake Sukuna and have breakfast.”

 

 

 

     Megumi wakes to the smell of eggs.  His head is killing him and his stomach does flips at the smell.

 

     Megumi just wants to roll over and go back to sleep but he gets up anyway.  If he stays asleep any longer he’ll worry Gojo.

 

     Megumi walks into the kitchen and sits at the table.  “Morning,” his throat aches, hopefully drinking something will help.

 

     Gojo turns around, a pan in hand.  He opens his mouth to speak only to stop and frown at Megumi, “you alright, Gremlin?”

 

     Megumi nods rubbing his eye, “just tired.”

 

     Gojo nods, remembering how Megumi wandered into the kitchen at two in the morning crying for him.  There was no way his kid was going to be able to sleep by himself after that so he turned in for the night.  “Understandable.  After breakfast, you can lay on the couch and watch TV.”

 

     Megumi hums, he likes the sound of that.  Hopefully, he can go back to sleep.

 

     Gojo places Megumi’s plate in front of him.  Megumi’s stomach does flips just at the sight of it, he really didn’t feel like eating…

 

     So Megumi continues to stare at his plate in a daze.

 

     “You sure you’re alright?”

 

     Megumi looks up in response to Gojo’s voice, being met with a worried frown on the older man’s face.  “Yeah, just not that hungry.”

 

     Gojo hums, “ok then.  Last night was pretty rough, I guess that could ruin your appetite.  You can skip breakfast if you want.”

 

     Megumi’s never been more relieved to hear that in his life.  He hops down from the table and grabs a glass of water before going to sit down.

 

     Megumi turns the tv on staring absently at the nature documentary on the screen.  He takes a sip of his water before putting it on the coffee table.  He flops down, his head is killing him.  He wants Gojo, he wants to run over to him, and tell him what’s wrong, that he doesn’t feel good but he can’t.  Gojo’s always doing so much for him, and though Megumi is sure he’d be happy to help, he’s also working hard to catch up on work…

 

     Work that’s he’s behind on because he’s taking care of Megumi mind you.

 

     So Megumi doesn’t go over to Gojo.  It’s just a cold.  He’s been sick plenty of times before and has always been just fine on his own.  What’s one more time?

 

     Megumi does decide that he wants his bear.  So, with tremendous effort, he gets up and grabs the white bear from Gojo’s room.

 

     When he gets back to the living room he lays down, hugs the bear tight, and tries his hardest to fall asleep.

 

     Megumi isn’t sure how much time has passed but he’s still not any closer to falling asleep.  His head throbs and his vision swims.  He can’t remember a time when he’s felt this awful before.

 

     “Megumi, lunch is ready.”

 

     Huh, he must’ve been laying here awhile if it’s lunchtime, weird.  Megumi opens his mouth to speak but all that comes out is a wet cough that sends pain throughout his chest.

 

     “Megumi?  You alright?”  There’s obvious worry in Gojo’s voice.

 

     Megumi tries again as he sits up, “yeah.”  He wobbles as his whole vision swirls together before everything goes dark.

 

 

     Gojo can’t focus.  He has this sinking feeling in his gut.  He’s sure he’s being paranoid but Megumi wasn’t himself at breakfast.

 

     Gojo rereads the same passage for what feels like the hundredth time.  About halfway through the passage, his mind wanders again.  He groans in frustration, what time is it?

 

     Noon, guess it’s time to take a break then.  He’s been staring at his work for long enough.

 

     He decides to make lunch, Megumi’s probably hungry by now.

 

     Gojo throws together a couple of sandwiches.  “Megumi, lunch is ready.”

 

     Gojo hears a cough.  He cringes, that doesn’t sound good.  He heads to the next room where Megumi is, finding the kid sprawled on the couch.

 

     Gojo frowns, worry growing in the pit of his stomach.  “Megumi?  You alright?”

 

     Megumi sits up, “yeah.”  He then hops to his feet…

 

     And Gojo’s eyes widen in horror as Megumi crumples to the floor.

 

     “Megumi!”  Gojo’s never moved so fast in his life.  He’s at Megumi’s side, scooping the kid up before he even realizes.

 

     The first thing Gojo noticed is that Megumi is radiating heat.  The poor kid is burning up.  The second is that he fell awfully close to the coffee table.  Gojo prays that he didn’t hit his head on top of it.

 

     Gojo takes a shaky breath before standing up and heading for the door.  He holds Megumi close to him, noting that the boy’s hair is matted with sweat.  He swallows his panic, he needs to deal with this first.

 

     Gojo doesn’t know much, but he’d have to be a complete moron to not know that Megumi needed immediate medical attention.  The closest hospital was the one on campus.  He could make it there in five if he ran.

 

      So that’s what he does.  Gojo takes off running, not even bothering to close the door behind him.  He tries not to jostle Megumi too much.  It would be a much more comfortable ride for him if Gojo walked, but he can’t afford to waste time.  For all he knows, Megumi could be dying.

 

     Oh god, what if he was dying?  Panic finds its way back to the surface.  Gojo finds himself running faster.

 

     It takes about four minutes for Gojo to burst through the hospital doors.  All the doctors and nurses stare at him and for a moment he wonders how he must look, out of breath, desperately clutching onto Megumi as if he may turn to dust.

 

     Gojo doesn’t even have to say anything as he’s suddenly swarmed by nurses.  One of them takes Megumi from him before walking away.

 

     Gojo goes to follow them only for a doctor to block him.  He moves to go around the man, only for the Doctor to mimic his movements.

 

     “I’m afraid you can’t be back there until we’ve had a look at him.”

 

     Gojo doesn’t even look at the doctor, staring at the doors that Megumi went through.  “I can’t leave him.”

 

     Another sidestep, “I understand, but the doctors and nurses need room to work.  Please try and remain calm.”

 

     Gojo finally turns to glare at the man.  He could easily get past this doctor, but he doesn’t really want to be the guy that causes a scene at the hospital.  So he goes over to the waiting room without a word.

 

     When Gojo sits down the weight of the situation comes crashing down.  How did this happen?  Why did this happen?  How did he not realize sooner that something was up?  God, if he wasn’t so concerned about his schoolwork maybe he would’ve noticed sooner.  He shouldn’t have just brushed his paranoia off earlier.

 

     Gojo puts his head in his hands.  His kid is sick, really sick.  Poor Megumi is with a bunch of strangers, probably scared and miserable and Gojo can’t even be with him.  He can’t do anything…

 

     Gojo’s never felt so helpless.
Notes:

    I actually have no idea if Jujutsu Tech has an on-campus hospital but since being a Jujutsu Sorcerer is a dangerous job it makes sense so let’s pretend there is one. Also, I’m not a doctor and I did like 5 minutes max of research so odds are this is gonna be very inaccurate sorry in advance.

Chapter 10: Breathe
Summary:

    Sukuna darts behind Nanami, sitting down on the floor. The intense feeling of fear that runs through him is all he can focus on. He doesn’t want to go near that woman with her big, scary needle. And it’s going to hurt. Sukuna doesn’t think he can handle anymore hurt right now, not when his chest is burning with every breath he takes. He covers his ears and closes his eyes, he just wants everything to go away.

Notes:

    Sorry, this took so long. Not only did I get stuck on this chapter, I also finished Link Click and had an existential crisis because of the ending.

     

    Also, disclaimer I am not a doctor so I'm sure this chapter is to very accurate.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

     Nanami is not looking forward to this.  He explained to the other two about the situation and Yuji didn’t seem to keen on it either. 

 

     Currently, Yuji is squeezed in between the wall and the dresser.

 

     Nanami sighs, he’s crouched in front of Yuji.  “I know, Bug.  I don’t want to go either.  I don’t want to make things harder for you boys, but we need to go the the doctor’s.”

 

     Yuji refuses to move.

 

     “The doctor is really nice.  And I promise I won’t leave the room, ok?”

 

     Yuji stares at Nanami with his big, scared eyes before hesitantly walking towards the older man.

 

      Nanami smiles, picking the boy up, “there we go!  That’s my brave boy!”

 

     Yuji giggles.  It’s a heartwarming sound that fills Nanami with joy.

 

     They head to the front door where Sukuna waits for them.  He’s fully dressed, unlike his brother who’s still in his pajamas.  Nanami isn’t going to even attempt to dress Yuji, he’s reluctant to go as it is.  Nanami opens the front door before grabbing Sukuna’s hand.  “Let’s go, boys.”

 

 

     Yuji currently sits in Nanami’s lap.  The boy hides in the crook of his neck while they sit in the waiting room.

 

      Sukuna stands close to Nanami.  He doesn’t say anything as he presses himself further into the man’s legs.

 

     Nanami looks down at Sukuna.  The boy’s lip wobbles as he fists the cloth of Nanami’s pant leg and tugs.

 

     “Mr. Nanami,” Sukuna’s voice comes out choked.  

 

     Nanami could tell he was trying to keep it together.  It didn’t take a genius to tell the kid was feeling overwhelmed.  So, he places a hand on Sukuna’s back, “it’s alright.  Is it a little too much?”

 

     Sukuna nods his head as a sob manages to get past his lips.

 

     Nanami’s heart aches.  He uses his free arm to scoop Sukuna up onto his lap as well.  He should’ve noticed sooner, just because he’s fine at home doesn’t mean he would be fine here.

 

     Sukuna hides his face in Nanami’s chest, his breathing quick.

 

     Nanami gets up, both kids in hand.  It’s time to find a different area.  One that’s not so crowded.  He heads to the front desk, “excuse me, Miss?”

 

     The receptionist looks up from her computer, “hello, Mr. Nanami!  Is there anything I can do for you?” 

 

     Nanami nods, “is there a quieter place we can wait?”

 

     Understanding flashes in the woman’s eyes as she eyes the two boys, “of course!  I’m terribly sorry for the inconvenience.  Please, follow me!”

 

     Nanami follows her to the other side of the room to find a small waiting room blocked off from the rest of the lobby.

 

     “This is where family members of longer term patients usually wait, I’ll be sure to inform the doctor you’re over here.”

 

    Nanami nods, “thank you.”

 

    And with that the lady leaves.

 

    Nanami moves to sit at a couch in the corner.  He leans back and focuses his attention to the boys.  “I’m sorry.  I know this isn’t ideal, but you two need a check up.”

 

     Unsurprisingly enough, the two make no effort to respond.

 

     Nanami sighs, beginning to hum no tune in particular.  He hugs both boys tight.

 

     “Nanami?”

 

     Nanami looks up at the familiar voice, finding Gojo standing in the entrance, a coffee in hand.

 

     Nanami frowns, “Gojo?  What are you doing here?”

 

     “Could ask you the same question.”  Gojo moves to sit next to Nanami, he sighs.  “Megumi’s sick.”

 

     Nanami’s eyes widen, judging by Gojo’s appearance it can’t be good.  “Is he alright?”

 

    “Not sure, Doctors haven’t told me anything yet.”  Gojo sets the cup down before putting his head in his hands.  “It’s my fault.  I should’ve noticed sooner.”

 

     Nanami feels one of the boys shift, he looks down to see Yuji poke his head out to stare at Gojo, eyes wide with curiosity. 

 

     Nanami turn his attention back to Gojo.  “You can’t blame yourself.  Did he tell you he wasn’t feeling good?”

 

     “No.”

 

     “Then how could you have known?  You’ve never dealt with a sick kid before.”

 

     Gojo doesn’t say anything for a moment.  When he speaks it’s quiet, “I still should’ve noticed sooner.  I thought he was acting weird but he said he was tired so I didn’t do anything.  I should’ve.”  Gojo’s voice breaks near the end and his shoulders shake.

 

     Nanami isn’t sure what to do, how did he go from comforting two kids to comforting two kids and one very childish adult?

 

     Nanami‘s attention is drawn elsewhere when Yuji starts to squirm.  He’s surprised, Yuji wants to be put down?  Nanami complies, letting the boy slide off his leg.

 

     Yuji very hesitantly takes a step towards Gojo.  He then slowly reaches his hand out, grabbing Gojo’s sleeve.

 

     Gojo stills, taking his head out of his hands to look at the kid.  He locks eyes with Yuji’s concerned ones.  He smiles sadly, “hey, Kiddo.”

 

     Nanami is at a loss.  He never expected this timid little boy to willingly go over to someone he doesn’t know.

 

     Yuji points to his mouth, before giving Gojo a smile.

 

     Gojo lets out a chuckle, “I’ll try to, kid.  I’m guessing you’re Yuji?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

     “Nice to meet ya, I’m Gojo.  I’m a friend of Nanami’s.”

 

     Yuji nods.  Yes, seems like he figured that out already.  Maybe that’s why he was so willing to approach Gojo.

 

     Gojo looks down to the tiger in Yuji’s arms.  “I like him.  Does he have a name?”

 

     Yuji nods. 

 

     “I’m sure it’s a great name.”  Gojo looks back to Nanami, specifically the boy in his arms.  “Are you boys here for a check up?”

 

     Yuji pales at that, shrinking back towards Nanami as he gave a small nod.

 

     Gojo hums, “I get it.  But hey, guess what?”  Gojo leans in closer before loudly whispering, “It’s ok to be scared sometimes.”

 

     Yuji’s eyes go wide, his mouth opening slightly.

 

     Gojo nods, “really!  It’s ok to be scared because being scared is the first step to being brave.  And you two are very brave.”

 

 

     The boys act exactly like Nanami thought they would in the doctors office.  Yuji clings to Nanami, shaking in the older man’s grasp while Sukuna just stands next to him.

 

     To the doctor’s credit, she’s been very patient.  She takes the time to explain what she’s going to do before she does it as well as explain what each item is.

 

     Currently, she’s looking up the boys’ shot records on the computer.  After a moment she hums, “yep!  Says here both boys are due for a shot.”  Bends down to Sukuna, “Ryomen-“

 

     “Sukuna,” the boy corrects her immediately.

 

     She smiles, “right.  Sukuna, you’re gonna go first ok?  I’m gonna go and get the supplies I need.  Then it’s gonna be a quick little pinch and you’ll be done!”

 

 

     The nurse leaves.  Sukuna’s chest feels tight.  He has to get a shot?  He hates shots.  God, he just wants to disappear, then he wouldn’t have to do this.

 

     Sukuna looks over at his little brother.  Yuji’s hiding his face in Nanami’s shirt.   He forces himself to take a deep breath, he had to do this.  He had to be brave for Yuji.  If he made it seem like it was no big deal then maybe Yuji wouldn’t be so scared.

 

     It’ll be easy, all he has to do is get one little shot.  

 

     Apparently it’s easier said than done because once the nurse comes back, all the mental preparation goes out the window.

 

     Sukuna darts behind Nanami, sitting down on the floor.  The intense feeling of fear that runs through him is all he can focus on.  He doesn’t want to go near that woman with her big, scary needle.  And it’s going to hurt .  Sukuna doesn’t think he can handle anymore hurt right now, not when his chest is burning with every breath he takes.  He covers his ears and closes his eyes, he just wants everything to go away.

 

     “Sukuna.”  

 

     There’s a hand on Sukuna’s shoulder, causing the boy to look up and see Nanami.

 

     Nanami stares at Sukuna with sad eyes before speaking.  “Breathe.”

 

     He’s trying , oh God he’s trying.  But his lungs aren’t working.  When did this become so hard?  Sukuna lets out a noise that sounds more like a whimper than a real response.

 

     “I know, I know.”  Nanami’s voice is gentle.  “It’s alright.  I’m right here, Yuji’s right here.  It’s alright.”

 

     Was it alright?  It sure didn’t feel alright.  He didn’t understand, what was happening?  He didn’t like it very much.  He wanted his mom.

 

     Nanami doesn’t say anything as he sits down on the floor before picking Sukuna up and putting him in his lap.

 

     Sukuna sits there, frozen.  His eyes land on Yuji who stands next to them.  Suddenly he feels guilty.  He’s being selfish, taking Nanami’s attention away from his little brother.  He squirms, trying to put an end to this.

 

     Nanami loosens his grip but doesn’t let go, “I’m not going anywhere till you calm down.  And I’ll be right here while you get your shot too, alright?”

 

     Something about Nanami’s unwavering stubbornness to not let Sukuna go was comforting somehow.  Sukuna feels relieved knowing that nothing he says or do is gonna stop the man from being there.  That comfort makes it a little easier to breathe. 

 

 

 

     “Mr. Gojo?”  Gojo stands up the second he hears his name. 

 

     “Is Megumi ok?  What was wrong?”  Gojo doesn’t even try to mask the worry in his voice.  He’s been waiting for the better part of two hours and the anxiety has been eating him alive. 

 

     The nurse smiles, “You can relax.  He is going to be perfectly fine.”

 

     Gojo feels so relieved he feels like he may cry.  “So what was wrong?”

 

     “He has a bacterial infection that spread and worsened at an alarming rate.  It was attacking his  lungs but there won’t be any permanent damage.  We have him on antibiotics.”

 

     Gojo sighs, that was good.  His kid was gonna be ok.  “Thank you. Is there anything else I should know?”

 

      The nurse thinks for a moment before speaking, “it’ll be harder for him to breathe than normal for a while.  Please don’t be alarmed, his lungs just need time to recover.”

 

     Gojo nods, that makes sense.  He’ll have to make sure Megumi takes it easy for a while.  “Can I see him?”

 

     “Of course, right this way.”

 

 

 

     Gojo wasn’t sure what to expect when he walks into the room.  When he walks in and sees Megumi his heart shatters.

 

     Megumi looks so small, so… fragile.  He’s pale, and Gojo follows the IVs in the boy’s arm up to the pole next to his bed.

 

     Gojo wills himself to walk closer to the bed.  Megumi’s eyes are screwed shut, and it occurs to the man that Megumi is probably uncomfortable.  

 

     Gojo pulls up a chair, placing himself as close to the bed as he can get.  He carefully cards his fingers through Megumi’s damp, matted hair.  He’s surprised when Megumi’s eyes flutter open.  He smiles, “hey, Gremlin.  How you feeling?”

 

     Recognition fills Megumi’s eyes.  “Gojo!”  

 

     The sob that follows catches Gojo off-guard.  He swallows the lump in his throat.  “It’s alright, ‘Gumi.  I’m right here.”

 

     Megumi reaches out to him.  Gojo immediately grabs the boy’s hand with his free one, the other still playing with Megumi’s hair.

 

     “There were so many people in here!  And-and I couldn’t see you and-“ Megumi’s voice breaks off into gasping sobs.

 

     The sight breaks Gojo’s heart.  “I know.  I’m sorry,” he rubs Megumi’s hand with his thumb.  “They wouldn’t let me in here.  Said they needed room to work.  I promise I’m not leaving this room no matter what.”

 

     Megumi tightens his grip on Gojo’s hand.  The older man wasn’t leaving if he had anything to say about it.  

 

     After a few moments of silence Gojo speaks, “so, how are you feeling?”

 

     There’s a moment of silence before Megumi answers in a quiet voice, “it hurts.”

 

     “What hurts?”  Gojo hated this, he hated seeing Megumi so sick.  He was going to do everything in his goddamn power to help make his boy feel better.

 

     “Everything.”

 

     Gojo’s hand halts is motion for running through Megumi’s hair.  His heart aches for his kid.  He moves his hand from the kid’s hair to his cheek.  He leans over and places a kiss in Megumi’s forehead.

 

     Megumi doesn’t bat him away like usual.  God, Megumi must feel really terrible, how could Gojo not realize.  “Megumi, if you didn’t feel good why didn’t you say anything?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, looking away.  “I dunno, you were just busy and I didn’t wanna bother you.”

 

     Gojo stares at him in disbelief, how could Megumi not feeling good be a bother to him?  “Next time I want you to let me know.  God, Megumi why wouldn’t I want to know if your sick?”  He didn’t mean to sound mad, he wasn’t mad, but he had been scared, dammit!  The image of Megumi’s eyes rolling to the back of his head before crumpling to the ground will be one Gojo will never forget.

 

     Megumi frowns, “I’m sorry.  I didn’t think it mattered.”

 

     Gojo pulls away from Megumi, “of course it matters!”  He doesn’t try to mask his emotion at this point.  He’s yelling in the hospital and he’s be damned if he cared.  “Dammit, Megumi-“ Gojo’s voice cracks.  He leans back in his chair, tears force their way down Gojo’s face and he wishes he’d been wearing his glasses at home  so Megumi wouldn’t have to see how upset he was.  “I was scared, dammit!”

 

     Gojo puts his face in his hands.  All the stress and emotions from today’s ordeal has come crashing down full force.  His shoulders shake and now that he’s got the waterworks going it’s like he can’t stop.

 

     There’s a rustling and suddenly there’s a hand on Gojo’s knee.  He looks up to see that Megumi’s managed to force himself to sit up so he could comfort Gojo.  

 

     Panic surges through Gojo, Megumi shouldn’t be sitting up.  “W-what are you doing?  Lay back down.”  With shaky hands Gojo gently grabs Megumi’s shoulders before guiding him down onto his back.  Gojo wipes his eyes but the tears are quickly replaced.  “You shouldn’t move around too much, you need to rest.”

 

     Megumi stares at Gojo, eyes filled with sadness.  “I’m sorry,” Gojo doesn’t miss the shake in the kid’s voice.  “I’m sorry for scaring you.”

 

     Gojo sighs, the bought of emotions is gone and is instead replaced with exhaustion.  “No, I’m sorry.  You didn’t know, it’s not fair of me to get upset with you.”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, “you’re not upset with me.  You were just worried.  I’m sorry.”

 

     “Stop apologizing,” Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair playfully.  “I already told you that you didn’t do anything wrong.  You don’t have to act like it’s your fault.”

 

     “Sorry.”

 

     Gojo sighs, shaking his head, “why am I gonna do with you?”  Whenever Megumi makes even the smallest mistake the mantra of apologies that follow make Gojo’s chest hurt.  He’s only four and the urgency and fear behind each apology seems out of place for someone his age.  It worries Gojo, honestly.  The kid has such little faith and confidence in himself it’s unbelievable.  Megumi doesn’t explicitly express this but Gojo can see it.  He can see it in the apologies he makes when he can’t do something and in his slight hesitancy to try again.  Gojo notices the smallest, most undetectable things about Megumi…

 

     So how did he not realize his boy was sick?
Notes:

    Tada! Sukuna was a little more dependent on Nanami this chapter because even though he doesn't want to be he's still a kid and lids still get scared! Hope you enjoyed!

Chapter 11: Hearing You Gives Me Hope
Summary:

    Everything about Nanami is so familiar to Yuji. He’s almost certain that he could recognize the man blindfolded. He radiates this something that Yuji’s never really seen before. Gojo has it too, but it’s different from Nanami’s. Nanami’s is safe and warm and so very much Nanami. Just being in the presence of him makes Yuji feel better.

Notes:

    I’m back! Sorry about the long wait I got stuck on this and the holidays kept me busy. I didn’t know where to take this chapter so I eventually just decided to call it done and move on

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

     The last few days have been a wreck on Gojo’s emotional state.  He’s lost track of all the papers he’s had to sign and how many times a doctor’s talked to him.  It’s stressful, and Megumi only adds to that stress.

 

     The doctors said he’s doing better, but Gojo couldn’t see it.  In fact, it seemed as if things were getting worse.

 

     The antibiotics they gave Megumi the first day had made the poor boy violently ill.  It’s been two days since they changed medications but his stomach’s still recovering.

 

     It’s also been hard for Megumi to sleep.  The aches and pains running through his body makes it hard for the boy to go to sleep and stay asleep.

 

     As useless as Gojo’s been feeling throughout the whole ordeal he knows he’s helping Megumi by just being there.  So he  pushes Megumi’s bangs back when his boy’s retching in the bathroom.  And he lays in the bed next to Megumi, holding the boy and doing his best to ease the pain enough to sleep.  It’s left Gojo emotionally and physically exhausted, but he was going to help his kid even if it killed him.

 

     Currently, Gojo sits on the bed with Megumi, running his fingers through the boy’s hair in attempt to ward off the pain.

 

     Megumi clings to Gojo, eyes screwed shut.  The migraine he was fighting off must’ve been a bad one.

 

     The two sit in silence.  Gojo knows that if he talks he’ll only make the headache worse.  He focuses on massaging Megumi’s scalp, he hopes it’s helping.

 

     Gojo looks down at Megumi, watching as a single tear rolls down the kid’s cheek.  His chest hurts, why couldn’t his kid have a moment of peace?  Megumi doesn’t even get the luxury of sleeping through it and it’s not fair, dammit!

 

     God, Gojo would do anything to switch places with Megumi.  If only he could.

 

     “Gojo?”  Megumi’s voice is quiet and laced with drowsiness.

 

     Gojo hums in response, “did you want me to stop?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, his cheek rubbing against Gojo’s chest.

 

     “Then what’s up?”

 

      “Could you…” Megumi trails off, glancing up at Gojo before shying away.  “Nevermind, it’s stupid.”

 

     Gojo frowns, “no, it’s not stupid.  C’mon, what is it?”

 

     “Could you hum something?”

 

     Gojo stares at Megumi.  Had he heard right?  “You want me to hum?”

 

     “Told you it was stupid.”

 

     “No!”  Gojo speaks a little too loudly, and he winces when Megumi slams his hands over his ears.  “Sorry.  No, it’s not stupid, I was just wondering why.”

 

     “Well,” Megumi manages to curl in closer to Gojo.  “Sometimes if Mom was home when I was sick she’d sit with me like this and hum.  I just thought it’d be nice.”

 

     Gojo’s expression softens, how was he supposed to say no to that?  So, without saying anything, Gojo starts humming.  He’s not sure what song, just an old tune with words he’s long forgotten.

 

 

 

     Gojo wakes to heat radiating off Megumi.  He looks over at the boy latched onto his arm in his sleep.  It would seem his fever’s spiked again.

 

     Gojo smiles, he’s glad Megumi is able to at least get some rest.

 

     There’s a knock on the door followed by a head poking into the room, his eyes immediately land on Megumi.  “Is this a bad time?”

 

     Gojo smiles, shaking his head. “No, you can come in.”

 

     Nanami steps into the room, followed by two tiny shadows.  “How’s he doing?”

 

     Gojo sighs, “the doctor says he’s doing better.  Once he’s able to keep his food down the doc said we should be able to go home.”

 

     Yuji takes a step closer to the bed, holding out a bag of something for Gojo to take.

 

     “For me?”  Gojo takes it from Yuji before ruffling his hair, “thanks, little dude.”

 

     “They’re cookies.  The boys helped make them.”  Nanami sits down in one of the two chairs in the room, “how are you holding up?”

 

     Gojo sighs, “as well as you could expect.”  He pauses, looking down at the little figure clinging to him, “I just wish I could just make his pain disappear.”

 

     “You’re easing some of that pain just by being here.”

 

     Gojo nods, he knew that but it didn’t make him feel much better.

 

     There’s a tug on Gojo’s sleeve.  He turns away from Nanami to see Yuji on his tiptoes.  He points to his mouth and smiles at Gojo.

 

     Gojo smiles, “thanks.  How’ve you and Sukuna been?  I haven’t seen you boys in a few days.”

 

     Yuji shrugs.

 

     Gojo smiles, Yuji’s answer makes perfect sense to him.  It’s not necessarily bad per say but it’s far from good.  Gojo couldn’t imagine their life being very good at the moment what with all they’ve been through but it’s ok and it’s a start.  “I get it.  Don’t worry, it’ll all work out.”

 

 

 

     Nanami stares at Gojo in fascination.  How can he just… understand Yuji?  Nanami’s only just started getting the hang of it.

 

     He watches as Gojo has a seemingly one sided conversation, a smile quickly adorning his features.  The two seem happier talking with one another.  Seems like Gojo is good for something after all.

 

     Sukuna sits with Nanami.  Since the check up, the boy’s been more reserved.  It worries Nanami but there’s not much he can do.

 

     Sukuna currently glares at Gojo as the man lifts Yuji onto the bed.

 

     It amazes Nanami how a four year old can be so apprehensive of other people.

 

     Nanami looks back to Yuji, watching the boy laugh.  He’s relieved to see that the boy’s comfortable around Gojo.  He was hopeful that he would be, Nanami’s noticed that Gojo seems to have a way with kids that Nanami just didn’t seem to have naturally.  He suspects it’s Gojo’s childish nature at work.

 

     It’s an hour later when Nanami notices Yuji’s eyes begin to droop.  Seems like all that conversation has worn him out.

 

     Nanami sighs, lowering Sukuna off his lap before getting up.  “Alright, Bug it’s time to go.”

 

     Yuji looks to Nanami, a frown adorning his features.  He nods, holding his arms out.

 

     Nanami chuckles, walking over and picking Yuji up.  “Say goodbye to Gojo.”

 

     Yuji waves before burying his face into Nanami’s shoulder.

 

     “Bye.  I’m sorry that you guys didn’t get to talk to Megumi.”

 

     “Don’t worry about it.”  Nanami holds his free hand out for Sukuna to take.  “He needs to rest.  And I’m sure it would be better for them to formally meet when Megumi is up for it.”

 

     And with that, they say their goodbyes before Nanami takes the twins home.

 

 

 

     Nanami is in the kitchen cutting onions.  He figured he’d get a head start on dinner while Yuji’s asleep.

 

     Sukuna sits across from Nanami, his head resting on the table as he watches absentmindedly.

 

     Nanami glances at Sukuna, over the last few days he’s noticed the boy seems to be worn out.  He wants to do help somehow but everytime he asks, Sukuna just shuts him down.  “Are you tired?”

 

     Sukuna shrugs, “not really.”

 

     Nanami finishes cutting the onion, he scrapes it into the pot before grabbing a carrot to cut.  “You know, you don’t have to pretend like everything’s alright.  I want to be there for you and Yuji.  Please tell me if there’s something wrong.”

 

     Sukuna huffs, “nothing’s wrong.”

 

     Nanami seriously doubts that, but he lets it go for now.  Sukuna will talk when he’s ready.

 

 

 

     Yuji wakes from his nap screaming.  He doesn’t know where he is, and that thing, oh god, is it here?  Yuji remembers seeing it a moment ago.

 

     Something wraps around Yuji, causing the boy to thrash in a blind panic.

 

     Yuji throws his fist full force at whatever’s grabbed him.

 

     A grunt followed by a curse can be heard.  “It’s me!  Yuji, it’s ok!”

 

     Yuji stills, the world coming back into focus.  He knows that voice.  It’s Nanami.  Thank goodness, if Nanami’s here then that means he’s safe.  But that thing… he saw it and it was ripping his family apart.  A whimper escapes the boy as he buries his face into Nanami’s chest.

 

     Nanami smooths his hair back, “I know, Bug.  It’s alright now, it was just a bad dream.”

 

     But it wasn’t just a dream, it was real .  He was there, watching that thing rip his parents and grandpa apart.  How can it possibly be alright?  Nothing will ever be alright again!

 

     Nanami begins to sing, it’s a slow little tune that Yuji’s not familiar with.

 

     Nanami’s warm timbre rings throughout the room.  And Yuji relishes in the familiar energy that radiates off him.

 

     Everything about Nanami is so familiar to Yuji.  He’s almost certain that he could recognize the man blindfolded.  He radiates this something that Yuji’s never really seen before.  Gojo has it too, but it’s different from Nanami’s.  Nanami’s is safe and warm and so very much Nanami.  Just being in the presence of him makes Yuji feel better.

 

     After a few minutes, Yuji’s cries die down to sniffles.

 

     Nanami sighs, “feeling better?”

 

     Yuji nods, his cheek rubbing against Nanami’s chest.

 

     Nanami places a kiss to the top of Yuji’s head, “I’m glad.”

 

 

 

     Nanami was not expecting Yuji to hit him so hard.  It’s easy to forget just how freakishly strong the boy is, especially since Nanami knows how cautious Yuji is when it comes to his strength.  It seems in Yuji’s blind panic that caution was thrown out the window.  Which is why Nanami is currently sporting the nastiest black eye he’s ever had.

 

     He makes sure not to show that it’s bothering him.  He doesn’t want Yuji to feel bad about hurting him on top of everything else.

 

      So, Nanami pops a couple painkillers and goes on with his day as if nothing is wrong.  Currently, he’s putting ingredients into a crockpot, he hopes the boys like soup.

 

     Something tugs on Nanami’s pant leg.  He looks down to see Yuji.

 

     Nanami smiles, “hello, Bug.  Did you need something?”

 

     Yuji nods holding his arms up.

 

     Nanami scoffs, shaking his head fondly.  “Alright,” Nanami wipes his hands on his shirt.  “Up ya go,” he lifts the boy up, resting him on his hip before going back to cooking.  “You like soup?”

 

     Yuji nods his head, staring curiously into the pot.

 

     Nanami smiles, throwing some chopped onion into the pot.  “I’m glad.  Do you want to try it?”

 

     Yuji turns to Nanami, looking at him with wide eyes before nodding.

 

     Nanami grabs a spoon, grabbing a some soup before carefully bringing it up to Yuji.  “Careful, it’s hot.”

 

     Yuji blows carefully on the spoon a few times before tasting the soup.  His eyes light up at the taste, letting out a pleased hum.

 

     Nanami’s heart swells.  Any small noise Yuji makes brings Nanami joy.  Hearing this boy hum gives Nanami hope that things can only get better from here.

 
Notes:

    Ta da! It’s a lot shorter than the other chapters but I can’t bring myself to care anymore. I’d been putting this off for too long. I hope you enjoyed!

Chapter 12: As Long As I’m Around I’ll Protect You
Summary:

    Gojo never knew that he could feel this way about another living thing. He loves Megumi with everything he has. It’s hard to believe that he just lived for himself before he had Megumi. Now, everything he does is for the sleeping boy pressed against him. He lives for Megumi and there isn’t room for much else.

Notes:

    Knock knock.

    Who’s there?

    Orange.

    Orange who?

    Orange you glad I posted another chapter?

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

      Being back home was… weird.  After being in the hospital for several days Gojo wasn’t quite sure how to get back into the swing of things.

 

     He was glad to be home, of course.  Now that Megumi could keep food down and his fever wasn’t spiking to dangerous levels it felt like Gojo could breathe for the first time in days .

 

     Unfortunately, just because they were home didn’t mean Megumi was magically better.  Still, it was an improvement.

 

     Gojo sits on the couch with Megumi pressed into his side.

 

     Gojo runs his fingers through Megumi’s hair absentmindedly while they watch the tv.  Gojo isn’t really paying attention to the penguin documentary though.

 

     ‘ Each year at around the same time he will leave the comfort of his ocean home and embark on a remarkable journey.’

 

     Gojo pays attention to the warmth coming off of Megumi, he’s still too hot.

 

     ‘He will travel a great distance, and though he is a bird, he won't fly.’

 

     Megumi’s breathing is still far too weak and raspy, it makes Gojo’s heart hurt hearing each breath the boy takes.

 

     ‘Though he lives in the sea, he won't swim.’

 

     Megumi himself is small, too small.  How much weight did he lose because of this?

 

     ‘Mostly, he will walk. But he won't walk alone.’

 

     God, Is there anything Gojo can do to help Megumi?  Is he really so useless that all he can do is sit and watch?

 

     “Gojo?”  A small voice breaks Gojo’s train of thought.

 

     Gojo looks down, his eyebrows furrowing in concern seeing tears in Megumi’s eyes.  “What’s wrong, Gremlin?”

 

     Megumi’s lip wobbles, “I don’t know.”  He buries his face in Gojo’s chest, wrapping his arms tightly around the man.

 

     Gojo returns the hug, his heart aching for the trembling boy in his arms.

 

     “Nothing feels right.”  Megumi sobs, his voice muffled by Gojo’s t-shirt.

 

     Gojo’s heart feels like it just shattered into a million pieces.  There has to be something, anything he can do to help Megumi feel better.  “I know, it’ll get better soon.  I promise.”  He smoothes down the kid’s hair, placing a kiss to the top of his head.  “Is there anything that I can do?”

 

     “Stay?”

 

     Gojo smiles, of course, he was staying.  Megumi isn’t leaving his sight till he’s completely better and nothing is going to change that.  “Of course.”

 

 

 

     Nanami wakes to the sound of a door opening.  He sits up, looking at his alarm clock, seeing 2:45 illuminated in bleary, red numbers.

 

     Nanami groans, moving to get up.  One of his boys is up.

 

     Nanami opens the door, met with a small figure.  He blinks, willing the blurry shapes into focus.  Nanami’s eyes crinkle in concern at the realization of who is in front of him.  “Sukuna?”

 

     Sukuna’s eyes are blown wide.  Nanami thinks he resembles a deer.  “What’s wrong?”

 

     Sukuna snaps back into focus at Nanami’s question, his eyes returning to their normal state.  “Nothing.”

 

     Nanami hums, doubtful.  He notices the erratic rise and fall of Sukuna’s chest.  Nanami sighs, kneeling down to meet the boy, “Sukuna, please.  I can’t help if I don’t know what’s wrong.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, crossing his arms.  “No, it’s stupid,” his voice wavers as he looks away in a pout.

 

     Nanami looks at him with a sad expression.  He wraps his arms around Sukuna.  “It’s not stupid.  Your feelings are just as important as anyone else’s.”

 

     Sukuna tenses for a moment before melting into the hug.  He rests his head on Nanami’s shoulder before speaking.  “It’s dark.”

 

     Nanami’s chest tightens at the quiet confession.  “The dark?”

 

      Sukuna nods, “It’s scary.”  His voice breaks.

 

     Nanami feels like he can’t breathe.  All this time and every night Sukuna’s been in his room, scared out of his mind.  “Oh, Sukuna, I wish you would’ve told me sooner.”  Nanami picks the boy up.

 

     “Please don’t make me go back to my room!”  Sukuna’s words collapse into sobs as he clings tighter to Nanami.

 

     Nanami’s heart breaks for what feels like the hundredth time tonight.  He holds Sukuna closer, “it’s alright, Dumpling.  I’m not gonna make you do anything you don’t want to.  Try and take a deep breath, ok?”

 

     “Kay.”

 

     Nanami sighs, running a hand through Sukuna’s hair.  “Let’s get you something to drink and then get to sleep.”  Nanami walks to the kitchen, making sure to turn the light on when they get there.

 

     Nanami manages to fish for a glass and fill it up with one hand.  “Here, Dumpling.” He holds the glass out for Sukuna.

 

     Sukuna pokes his head out from Nanami’s shoulder.  His eyes shine with tears as he reaches for the water.

 

     Nanami watches with sad eyes.  Knowing what he does now, the last few days start to make much more sense.  With him waking up to the hall light being on, to Sukuna being tired all the time… it was all because he was scared of the damn dark.

 

     Logically speaking, Nanami knows that he couldn’t have known because Sukuna refused to tell him what was wrong.  But, the other part of him argues otherwise.  In hindsight, it was obvious and he should have known.

 

     Sukuna holds the now empty glass out for Nanami to take.

 

     Nanami takes the glass.  He decides it’d be best to focus on the task at hand instead of his stupid mistakes.  Those mistakes are in the past, but Sukuna is here right now and right now he needs Nanami.

 

     Nanami places the glass in the sink before placing his free hand on Sukuna’s back.  “Let’s try and get some sleep, yeah?”

 

     Sukuna nods his head before resting it back on Nanami’s shoulder.

 

      Nanami walks down the hall.  He notices how Sukuna relaxes when they walk past the twins’ room.  He turns into his own room, leaving the door open a crack so the light from the hallway can pool into the room.

 

     Nanami places Sukuna on the bed before getting in himself.  He lifts the blanket for Sukuna to climb into.  “C’mon, let’s go to sleep.”

 

     Sukuna slowly creeps towards Nanami.   There’s hesitation in his movements, but Nanami waits patiently for him to settle in next to him.

 

     Once Sukuna’s next to him, Nanami drapes the blanket over them and lays down.

 

     Sukuna follows suit, using Nanami’s arm as a pillow as he snuggles up against the man.

 

     “Goodnight, Dumpling.”

 

     “Night.”

 

 

 

     Gojo stares down at the small, still figure pressed against him.  He runs a hand through Megumi’s matted, damp hair.  The boy feels warmer now than he was a few hours ago.  Gojo gets the awful feeling that Megumi’s fever spiked again, though, not nearly as bad as it’s been the last few days.

 

     Gojo supposes he should be glad that Megumi’s temperature went from dangerously high to a more manageable temperature, but he thinks about Megumi being sick and all that’s there is a sense of melancholy.

 

     At least Megumi’s finally able to catch up on the sleep he so desperately needed.   The boy had fallen asleep around lunchtime and is still asleep well past dinner time.

 

     Gojo’s stomach aches with hunger but he doesn’t dare move.  He and Megumi can eat when the boy wakes up.

 

     Gojo moves his hand, positioning it so that it cups the side of Megumi’s face.  He smiles down at the boy, caressing Megumi’s cheek with his thumb.

 

     Gojo never knew that he could feel this way about another living thing.  He loves Megumi with everything he has.  It’s hard to believe that he just lived for himself before he had Megumi.  Now, everything he does is for the sleeping boy pressed against him.  He lives for Megumi and there isn’t room for much else.

 

 

 

     Nanami wakes to his arm tingling.  It seems that Sukuna using it as a pillow has caused his arm to fall asleep.

 

     Nanami looks over, smiling as he sees Sukuna sound asleep.  The sight leaves him with this warm sensation.  After seeing Sukuna so worn out the last few days it puts Nanami’s mind at ease seeing the boy sleep.

 

     Now that Nanami knows of Sukuna’s fear of the dark, he’ll have to buy a nightlight for the boys’ room.  Until then, Sukuna can sleep in Nanami’s room if he wants.

 

     Nanami reaches over, brushing Sukuna’s hair back to place a kiss on the boy’s forehead.  These boys have been through so much, Nanami just wants to protect them from the world.  He wants to shield them from anything that may harm them.  “Sukuna, I promise, so long as I’m around I’ll protect you.”
Notes:

    Yes, Megumi and Gojo were watching March of the Penguins it’s the only animal documentary I have any memory of watching.

Chapter 13: Lost
Summary:

    “Yuji?” Nanami feels like he can’t breathe, he was just next to him. “Yuji!?”

     

    TRIGGER WARNING:
    - Megumi talking about the past (and Toji was a shit parent so)

Notes:

    Guess who’s back, back again?
    Me!

    I hope switching back and forth from the twins and Megumi isn’t too confusing

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

     Nanami wakes to pins and needles running up both arms.  Since Sukuna’s been sleeping in Nanami’s room the last few days Yuji has been joining them as well.  He doesn’t mind having the two with him but they really should go get a night light soon.  They can’t sleep in Nanami’s room forever after all.

 

     Yuji shifts in his sleep before cracking his eyes open.

 

     Nanami chuckles, “morning, Bug.  Did you sleep well?”

 

     Yuji nods, rubbing his eyes as he curls closer to Nanami.

 

     Nanami smiles fondly at Yuji, leaning over to place a kiss on his forehead.  “How about you and Sukuna sleep a little longer while I make breakfast?”

 

     Yuji nods before closing his eyes again.

 

     Nanami waits a few more minutes before carefully sliding his arms out from under the two.  He heads into the kitchen before beginning to make breakfast.

 

     Nanami opens the fridge, he hasn’t really had the chance to go shopping since the twins came to live.  He’s been putting off shopping for so long but it seems the day’s finally come where he has to buy more groceries.  He supposes they can stop and buy a nightlight while they’re out.

 

 

     “Gojo?”

 

      Gojo’s eyes fly open as he lurches up out of bed.  His chest heaves and his mind is reeling with images that still flash in his mind.

 

     “…Gojo?”

 

      Gojo startles at the tiny voice beside him, turning to see Megumi next to the bed, staring at him with big eyes.  He forces himself to take a deep breath, putting on a lopsided grin.  “Hey, Gremlin,” his voice sounds far too strained to be normal but he hopes Megumi doesn’t notice.  “What’s up?”

 

     “Well,” Megumi pauses, squeezing his bear closer.  “It’s just…” Megumi looks down at the ground, “you were yelling so I thought something might be wrong.”

 

     Gojo’s expression falls a bit. “Sorry, ‘Gumi.  I didn’t mean to worry…” he trails off, though he can’t see his face he notices how Megumi shudders with each breath he takes.

 

     Gojo’s chest tightens even more, guilt mixing with the leftover panic.  Here Megumi was, just getting over being sick and Gojo had to go and scare him.  “Oh, Megumi, it’s alright.”  Gojo leans over to lift Megumi onto the bed, placing the boy in his lap.  “I’m sorry for scaring you.  It was just a bad dream.  I’m alright.”

 

     Megumi wipes at his eyes, “you sounded really scared though.”

 

     Gojo holds Megumi tight, resting his head atop Megumi’s.  “I’m ok.  There’s nothing that could scare me!”  It was a lie, one that he’s sure Megumi sees through but he doesn’t know what else to say.  “I really am fine, ‘Gumi.”

 

     “Promise?”

 

      Gojo smiles, pressing a kiss to the top of Megumi’s head, “yeah, Gremlin.  I promise.”

 

 

     Yuji actually seems excited to go shopping.  He looks through all the windows, excitement adorning his features.  Occasionally he tugs on Nanami’s sleeve to get his attention before pointing at something in the window, jumping up and down in excitement.  It made Nanami happy, seeing the boy so excited for once.

 

     Sukuna on the other hand seems absolutely miserable.  He sticks to Nanami’s side like glue.  It would seem that Sukuna doesn’t like crowded areas all too much.

 

     There aren’t too many people, thankfully.  It’s a weekday so the crowd isn’t nearly as bad as it could be.

 

     Nanami walks past the stores with the twins on either side of him.  They’ve stopped in quite a few stores (per Yuji’s request) but he’s yet to see a place that might have a nightlight.

 

     Maybe the store down the street would have one, they tend to sell home items like that.

 

     It’s then that Nanami feels a tug on his sleeve, “Nanami?”

 

     Nanami turns to Sukuna, he’s finally dropped the mister title, but Nanami can’t find it in himself to be happy about it while Sukuna sounds so upset.  “What’s wrong, Dumpling?”

 

     “I wanna go home,” Sukuna’s voice cracks before he buries his face into Nanami’s sleeve.

 

     Nanami kneels down, taking Sukuna’s face in his hands before gently brushing away the kid’s tears.  “I know, we just need to make one more quick stop to the grocery store then we’re back home, ok?”  It seems like they’ll have to get a nightlight another day.

 

     Sukuna nods before holding his arms out in a silent request to be carried.

 

     Nanami complies, scooping the boy up.  He’s surprised that Sukuna even asked.  The poor kid must be really overwhelmed.

 

     Nanami settles Sukuna onto his hip before turning to take Yuji’s hand again, only to be met with no one next to him.

 

     “Yuji?”  Nanami feels like he can’t breathe, he was just next to him.  “Yuji!?”  Nanami heads back down the way they came, praying he’d gotten distracted by some colorful window display close by.

 

 

     Gojo wasn’t quite sure what was going on.  Since he woke up this morning everything’s been in a haze.  It’s been a while since he’s had a nightmare, much less one that’s left him feeling dazed and cloudy.  He tries to put up a front, to act as if he feels normal.  It’s hard when he feels so out of touch with reality but he tries anyway for Megumi’s sake.

 

     It seems that Megumi’s caught on regardless.  All day he’s stayed close to Gojo, glancing in his direction every now and then.

 

     Gojo doesn’t mind Megumi’s presence.  It reminds him that Megumi is here safe and sound.  He hasn’t seen the kid in a while though.  Gojo figures he must be in his room.

 

     With Megumi somewhere else Gojo doesn’t have to force himself to focus, he’s free to zone out until the hazy sensation passes.

 

     A little while later, a crash forces Gojo back to reality.  He jumps to his feet, head turning to the direction of the sound.

 

     Gojo can hear a startled yell, followed by another crash.  “Uh, Gojo!”

 

     Gojo runs towards the sound, blood rushing in his ears.

 

      He enters the kitchen to find a giant bird wreaking havoc on the kitchen.

 

     “Ah, what the hell?”  Gojo raises his arm, he’s not sure what this thing is or where it came from but he doesn’t care.  He just needs it gone.

 

     “Stop!”  Megumi’s shriek stops Gojo from killing the thing right there.  “Don’t hurt him!”

 

     He turns to the boy, seeing Megumi curled on the ground and looking up at him.  “Well, why not!?”

 

     “Nue’s not bad!”

 

       Gojo watches the bird take a cabinet door off its hinges.  “What are you talking about!?  He’s destroying the kitchen!”

 

     “He’s my Shikiami!”

 

      “Your Shikigami!?”  Gojo’s dealing with this mess because Megumi thought it was a good idea to take his bird out for a walk?  “Well put him back!”

 

     “Uh right,” Megumi shakily stands before making a hand sign, causing the bird to disappear.

 

     Gojo takes a deep breath, now that there isn’t any danger he notices just how much of a disaster the kitchen is.

 

     “I-I’m sorry, Gojo!  I was just-“

 

     “What?!  Just what the hell were you doing because I’d really like to know!”  Gojo crosses his arms.  He’s fuming, Megumi better have a damn good reason for wrecking the kitchen.

 

     Megumi tugs at his sleeves, doing his best to keep eye contact.  “W-well you were acting weird so I thought I’d help out and make lunch.”

 

      Gojo takes a deep breath, “and why would that warrant a giant bird!?”

 

     Megumi jolts, finally breaking eye contact as he looks at the floor.  “I couldn’t reach the peanut butter and last time I used my dogs I fell so…”

 

    “So what?  You just tell it to wreck my kitchen?!”  Gojo couldn’t believe what he was hearing, the kitchen was in shambles because of a couple sandwiches?!

 

     Megumi shakes his head, “no!  Nue just doesn’t listen to me yet.”

 

     Gojo doesn’t say anything.  He does his best to compose himself.

 

     “Gojo?”

 

     “If he doesn’t listen why’d you take him out!?”  Screw composure, he’s allowed to be mad about this.

 

     “W-well,” Megumi’s breathing is fast now as he tries to hold back tears.  “It’s been a while so I thought maybe he’d listen this time.”

 

     Gojo groans.  “You should’ve just asked!  Look at this mess!”  He gestures to the kitchen.

 

     “I’m sorry,” Megumi’s voice is small and shaky.

 

     Gojo sighs, “sorry doesn’t cut it this time, Megumi!  It doesn’t magically fix the kitchen!”

 

     “I-I’m sorry,”  Megumi shrinks in on himself, gnawing at his bottom lip in anxiousness.

 

       “Just-“ Gojo pauses, forcing himself to relax some.  Yelling isn’t doing him much good.  “Stop.  Go to your room.”

 

     “Wha?  B-but-“

 

     “I said, go to your room.  We’ll talk about it later.”

 

     Megumi doesn’t say anything.  Only nodding before walking out of the room, head hung low.

 

     Gojo sighs, rubbing at his face.  Guess he better get started on cleaning up this mess.

 

 



      Yuji isn’t sure what happened.  Nanami was there one minute and when he looked over the next he was gone.  All he knows is that he’s surrounded by all these people with no Nanami or Sukuna.

 

     People walk past him, not even acknowledging the kid is there.  They bump him and brush past him as they walk by.

 

     He doesn’t like that these people are touching him.  When he was with Nanami he made a path through the people for Yuji to walk through, but now it’s just him.

 

     Yuji backs up till he’s pressed flush against a shop window.  At least people aren’t coming at him from all sides now.

 

     Yuji looks around, hoping to spot someone that looks familiar to no such avail.  It’s about now that it starts to settle in that he’s by himself.  His chest starts to hurt as tears begin to fill his eyes.

 

       He holds his tiger close to his chest.  He’s glad he brings it everywhere because now he has some semblance of comfort until Nanami finds him.

 

     Yuji cries as he watches adults he doesn’t recognize walk past.  He hopes one of them would notice him because he’s just a kid, he doesn’t know how to find Nanami on his own.

 

     A few minutes go by, none of the people have even looked at him.  It seems like he’ll never find Nanami.  The thought makes him cry harder.

 

     Just then, the door to the shop he’s standing at opens with a jingle, causing the boy to jolt in surprise.  He looks over to see a lady staring down at him, concern on her face.  “Are you lost?”

 

     Yuji stares up at her, startled that someone took the time to realize he was there.

 

     The lady smiles at him, holding her hand out, “it’s alright.  I’ll help you.”

 

     Yuji continues to stare, tears still streaming down his face.  She has kind eyes and a warm smile, she reminds Yuji of his mom.  So, very hesitantly, Yuji takes her hand and allows her to lead him inside the shop.

 

      When they step inside, the lady flips a sign on the door over before bringing him to a table to sit at.

 

     It smells yummy in here, and the cakes at the front look even yummier.

 

     The lady walks over to the counter, grabbing something from the case before walking back over.  “My name is Miko, what’s yours?”

 

      Yuji opens his mouth and tries to answer, tries to speak like he has so many times with Nanami, only for nothing to come out.  He hangs his head, now feeling sad and frustrated as a small whine leaves his mouth.

 

     “Hey, it’s alright.”

 

     Yuji shakes his head, looking back at Miko with a frown.  He points to his mouth and shakes his head some more.

 

     Miko stares at him, eyebrows furrowed as she tries to decipher Yuji’s message.  After a few moments she speaks, “you can’t talk?”

 

     Yuji nods, shifting in his seat a little.

 

     Miko frowns, “that’s alright.”  She places the item that was in her hands in front of him.

 

     Yuji’s eyes go wide seeing the item she’d grabbed earlier was in fact a giant cookie.  He grabs it, giving her a small smile before biting into it.

 

     Miko smiles back, taking a seat in front of Yuji.  “Alright, so I’m gonna ask you some questions about who we’re looking for and then we’ll sit outside my shop and look for them, alright?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

     “Are they a girl?”

 

      Yuji shakes his head.

 

      “Alright.  Is he tall?”

 

     A nod.

 

      “Dark hair?”

 

      He shakes his head again.

 

     “Is he older than me?”

 

      Yuji thinks for a moment.  Nanami always looks tired like a grownup, but he’s pretty sure that Nanami isn’t that old so he shakes his head no.

 

     Miko nods, “so we’re looking for a guy who’s young, tall, and has light hair?”

 

     Yuji nods again.

 

     Miko stands, “that should be enough let’s go see if we can spot him.”

 

 

 

 

     Yuji sits in a chair in front of the store, swinging his legs as he munches in his cookie and sips the chocolate milk Miko gave him.

 

      He listens to Miko talk.  She tells him stories of her life.  About how she had always loved making desserts and how it was her dream to open a sweets shop.  Her voice is warm and sweet and listening to her helps pass the time.

 

     “Yuji!?”  Yuji perks up at the sound of his name, he hops off the chair, placing his items on the chair.  He stands on his tiptoes in an attempt to spot Nanami.

 

     “Sir?!”  Miko raises her hand out, waving someone down.  “Sir, over here!”

 

      When Yuji sees a familiar figure he lets out a squeak before running up to him.

 

     Nanami looks beyond relieved as he places Sukuna down next to him and kneels down, holding his arms out.

 

    Yuji barrels into his arms, squeezing Nanami tight.

 

     Nanami holds Yuji with just as much fervor.  After a moment he pulls Yuji away, holding the boy's face in his hands.  “You scared me half to death!  You can’t wander off like that!”

 

     Yuji looks down giving a small nod.  He didn’t mean to get lost but he still felt bad about it.

 

    Nanami brushes Yuji’s cheek with his thumb, “it’s alright.  I know you didn’t mean to.”  He scoops Yuji up before standing to address Miko.  “Thank you so much.  How can I repay you?”

 

     Miko holds her hands up, shaking her head.  “Oh please, I don’t need anything!  I'm just glad Yuji made it back to you safe and sound!”

 

     Nanami nods, “thank you so much.”  He turns to Yuji, noticing something, “where’s Tiger?”

 

     Yuji’s eyes widen in alarm and he squirms, wanting to go and grab his friend.

 

     Nanami puts him down, watching as the boy runs over to collect his things.

 

      Nanami watches curiously as Yuji comes back with not only Tiger but a half-eaten cookie and a drink as well.

 

     Yuji holds out the cookie to Sukuna who stands at Nanami’s side.

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “I’m ok, Yuji.  That’s your cookie.”

 

     Yuji shrugs before turning to offer the cookie to Nanami.

 

     Nanami laughs, bending to pick Yuji up, “Thank you, Bug, but I don’t need any.”

 

     Yuji shrugs again before taking a bite of his cookie.  It was important to share but if they don’t want any then he’ll just have to eat it all on his own (not that he’s complaining).

 

     They bid Miko farewell before heading on their way.  All of today’s excitement finally starts to take its toll on Yuji.  He nestles his head onto Nanami’s shoulder and drifts off to sleep.

 

 

 

 

     Gojo stands outside Megumi’s door.  He listens for a moment before knocking on the door.  “Megs?  Can I come in?”

 

     “Yeah.”

 

     Gojo opens the door finding Megumi on his bed surrounded by two fluffy masses.  He walks towards the bed sitting on the little space on the end not occupied by Megumi and his animals.

 

     The two dogs look up at Gojo for a moment before settling back down in his lap.

 

     Megumi scratches behind the black one’s ears absentmindedly, not daring to look up at Gojo.

 

      Gojo just sits there for a minute, trying to figure out what to say.  “I’m not mad anymore.”

 

      “You’re not?”  Megumi looks up, the desperation in his voice and the sad look on his face makes Gojo’s heart hurt.

 

     Gojo gives Megumi a sad smile.  “I’m not.  But we need to set some rules on your Shikigami.”

 

     Megumi nods, looking back down.

 

       “I’m not saying you can’t use them but nothing bigger than your dogs in the house.”  He feels bad having to put restrictions on Megumi’s Shikigami, especially when he knows how much they mean to him.  “And if you know you have trouble controlling one then you can’t bring them out without giving me a heads up first ok?”

 

     Megumi nods letting silence fill the air.

 

     After several minutes of silence, Megumi speaks, “I didn’t want my Shikiami at first.”

 

     Gojo’s eyebrows furrow in confusion.  Megumi seems to love his Shikigami so the idea of him not wanting them at first was odd.  He keeps quiet, letting Megumi continue.

 

     “Last year I figured out I could use my dogs and it became all Dad cared about.”  Megumi doesn’t look at Gojo as he talks, opting to focus on smoothing down the black dog’s fur.  “I didn’t wanna learn how to use anymore, my dogs were cool enough!  But, Dad made me and he seemed so proud when I did.”

 

     Gojo can see Megumi’s frame shake.  He can’t help but feel mad on Megumi’s behalf.

 

     Up until a little bit ago, I could only use two Shikiami.  My dogs were the biggest things I could use.”

 

      Gojo doesn’t like where this is going, a sinking feeling settles at the bottom of his stomach.

 

     “The bigger they are the harder they are to use.  So when I tried using Nue for the first time…” Megumi trails off, his breath hiccuping.  He looks up at Gojo, tears rolling down his face, “I hate that stupid bird!  He doesn’t listen to me!”  He rubs at his eyes, a sob forcing its way past his lips.

 

     Gojo scoops Megumi up, holding him tight.  “It’s alright.  You’ll figure it out eventually.  Using Shikigami is hard.  I don’t know any other four-year-old that can summon Shikigami.”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, clinging to Gojo.  “I don’t want him to hurt me again.”

 

     Gojo goes rigid at Megumi’s quiet confession.  He feels like he can’t breathe, “Nue?”

 

     Megumi nods, “I thought since I was bigger Nue would listen.  But it was worse.”

 

     Gojo feels sick.  There were times when Gojo would get a glimpse at the scars adorning Megumi’s back.  Big jagged scars covered the boy's back and up till now, Gojo didn’t have the stomach to ask.  Now, however, the pieces seemed to fit and those scars looked sickeningly similar to the claw marks that decorated the kitchen.

 

     “Megumi?”

 

     Megumi hums in response.

 

     Gojo hesitates, he’s scared to ask, but he needs to know.  “Your back… was that- did Nue do that?”

 

     Megumi tenses before nodding.

 

     Gojo subconsciously holds Megumi tighter, suddenly angry.  Angry that Fushigiro would push a child, his child so far.  That he would endanger Megumi’s life, and for what?  So Megumi could start learning a cursed technique a few more years than everyone else?  If Gojo ever sees Fushiguro again he’s going to kill him.

 

     “Are you upset with me?”

 

     “What?”  Gojo pulls away from Megumi to look him in the eye.  “Why would I be upset with you?”

 

      Megumi’s lip wobbles and when he speaks there’s an emotion behind it that Gojo can’t quite place.  “‘Cause I still couldn’t do it.”

 

     “Megumi, listen to me.”  Gojo cups Megumi’s face in his hands, “I would never be  disappointed in you.  I’m so proud of you!  You’re so smart and talented.  Learning things takes time, I’m not gonna be disappointed because you don’t get something right away.”

 

     “You’re not?”  Megumi’s voice cracks and tears begin to form again.

 

     Gojo brushes a few tears with his thumb, “of course not.”  He pulls Megumi back into a hug, his heart aching as his kid cries hysterically into his shoulder.

 

     Gojo rubs circles into Megumi’s back, listening to the boy’s gasping sobs.  Megumi’s been put through so much.  The burden his parents put on his shoulders has been weighing him down for long enough, it’s time for Gojo to carry it instead.
Notes:

    Woop, more insight on Megumi’s life before living with Gojo! I tried hinting that Gojo’s nightmare was about him not being able to save Megumi but idk if it really came across.

    Hope you enjoyed!

Chapter 14: I’ll Be Back Before You Know It
Summary:

    Yuji does not want to do this. He just wants to latch onto Nanami and not let go until the man caves and says he’ll stay. But he knows he can’t. This has to happen, so the least Yuji can do is try and put on a brave face.

Notes:

    It’s finally happening, you’ve all been waiting for it now get ready

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

     Megumi stands, his lungs burn, and several cuts litter his body.

 

      “I didn’t say to stop!”

 

      Megumi’s head turns towards the voice, his hair sticking to his cheek.  “But, dad I’m tired,” his voice comes out in a whine, he doesn’t want to do this anymore.  His body hurts and his limbs feel like jelly and he just wants to stop.

 

     Toji’s stare is cold, “Curses don’t tire!  Curses don’t stop!  And neither can you!  Again, Megumi!”

 

 

      Megumi jolts awake, shooting up with a sob.  He tries to take in a few shaky breaths in an attempt to calm down but his lungs don’t seem to work.

 

     He doesn’t even know why he feels like this.  Why his heart is racing and his body’s shaking.  Something’s wrong.  His chest hurts, and everything is just too much.

 

     His room’s too dark, It’s too quiet, his pajamas feel weird, it’s too cold.  It’s too everything.

 

      “Gojo!”  Megumi cries, he doesn’t want to be alone.  He wants Gojo to come and fix everything.  “Gojo!”

 

     A moment later, Gojo bursts through the door, looking frantic.  “What is it?!”

 

      Megumi looks at Gojo, lip wobbling as tears stream down his face.  He holds his arms out.

 

     Gojo understands what Megumi wants.  He walks over to the bed, getting into the bed before holding Megumi tight.

 

      Megumi clings to Gojo, his attempts at breathing have turned into a rather painful coughing fit.

 

     Gojo rubs circles into Megumi’s back, “it’s alright, Gremlin.  I’ve got you.”

 

     It’s not alright.  His chest hurts and he can’t breathe and Megumi’s whole world seems to be shattering.  It will be ok soon, he knows it will because Gojo’s gonna make it better like he always does.

 

     “It’s ok, deep breaths.  Can you do that for me?”  Gojo’s voice is soft and steady.

 

     Megumi shakes his head, how can he possibly do that when he can’t seem to get his lungs to work?

 

     Gojo runs a hand through Megumi’s hair before shifting him so that his head lays on Gojo’s chest.  “Ok, let’s try this.  Just focus on me, ok?”

 

     Megumi nods.  He focuses on the sound of Gojo’s heartbeat, listening to the steady rhythm it makes.  He pays attention to the way he moves with each breath Gojo takes.

 

     Megumi closes his eyes, trying to focus on Gojo’s presence.  He can feel Gojo’s warmth and can sense the familiar Cursed Energy that always radiates off Gojo.  He can hear Gojo’s heart and smell the familiar combination of mint and soap coming off him.

 

     Somehow, Megumi feels calmer.

 

     Gojo smoothes Megumi’s hair down, “there we go, just like that.” Gojo places a kiss on the top of Megumi’s head, “was it a bad dream?”

 

     Megumi nods his head, his eyes feeling heavy.  “Stay?”  He didn’t want to be alone.

 

     “Of course, Megs.  I’m not going anywhere.”

 

 

      When Yuji wakes he’s the only one left in the room.  Nanami and Sukuna must be up by now.  He walks into the living room, finding Sukuna sitting on the couch, swinging his legs as he sips a juice box.

 

     Yuji joins him, laying his head on Sukuna’s shoulder.

 

     “Morning,” Sukuna doesn’t wait for an answer nor does he expect one, he just knows his little brother likes listening to him.  “Nanami’s making breakfast sandwiches.  He said we’re gonna have a picnic outside.”

 

     Yuji smiles, that sounds like fun!

 

     “He’s on the phone right now so our picnic might have to wait a little.”

 

     Yuji hums in acknowledgment, that was ok.  He can wait a little longer, he’s not very hungry anyway.  He doesn’t have much of an appetite these days anymore.  He tries his best to eat, he really does.  But some days, he’ll look at food and all he can see is the lunch where that thing came and tore his whole world apart.  On those days, food leaves a sour feeling in his stomach.

 

 

     “Principal Yaga, for the last time, no!  I can’t just leave!  They’re still adjusting and if I leave for a mission it’ll really set them back!”  Nanami was starting to take his frustration out on the onions he was cutting.

 

      “I know, believe me.  But the elders want to know that you can properly balance your life as their caretaker as well as your career as a Jujutsu Sorcerer.”

 

     Nanami clenches his teeth.  This whole thing is stupid!  “With all due respect sir, they’ve no idea what these boys are going through at the moment.  Once they’ve had more time to adjust and heal, going on missions won’t be an issue.  But I can’t leave right now, so you can tell the elders that they can kiss my ass!”  Nanami hangs up, pocketing his phone before putting onions onto his and Yuji’s egg salad sandwiches.  He then cuts the crust off of Sukuna’s before bagging them and setting them aside.

 

     It doesn’t take too long for Nanami to get everything ready.  He has sandwiches, fruit and a few juice boxes all packed up.  Now all he had to do was get Sukuna and wake Yuji and they’d be out having a fun day.

 

     The only time the boys have been out of the house was when Yuji got lost.  It’s been a few days since then and Nanami wants the boys to have a positive experience with being away from the house.  He figured a quick picnic outside in the school’s courtyard would be a good place to start.

     

 

      He grabs the bag and heads towards the living room where he knows Sukuna is.  “Alright, Sukuna!  Get your shoes on, I’ll go wake-“ he stops talking as he watches ahead shoot up over the couch to look at him, seems like Yuji is awake.  “Good morning, Bug!  Did you sleep well?”

 

     Yuji nods, letting out a pleased hum as he slides off the chair and over to Nanami.

 

     Yuji grabs Nanami’s free hand, giving him an excited smile.

 

      Nanami smiles back, “excited?”

 

      Yuji nods, giving Nanami’s arm a tug towards the front door.

 

     Nanami laughs, “alright, let’s get going!”

 

 

     Megumi’s eyes crack open, his eyelids threatening to droop back down.  His whole body feels heavy and his head hurts, maybe he should just go back to bed.

 

     Megumi pushes his cheek further against Gojo, letting his eyes slip closed.  Just as he’s about to fall asleep again Gojo mumbles something under his breath.

 

     Curious, Megumi opens his eyes and looks up at Gojo.  His eyes are screwed shut and his brows furrowed.

 

     Megumi frowns in concern, sleep may still cloud his mind but Gojo looks upset.  His concern only grows when he spots a tear roll down Gojo’s face.

 

     Megumi shifts a little, inching closer to Gojo’s face.  He reaches out, placing a hand on Gojo’s cheek to wipe the tear off.

 

     Gojo’s face twitches before his eyes open up, his dazed eyes meeting Megumi’s.  “Gumi?”  His voice is laced with sleep, but Megumi can hear the sadness in his voice.

 

     Megumi’s chest hurts, he doesn’t want Gojo to be sad.  He hates to admit it but he’s actually grown to really care about Gojo over the past few months.  Knowing Gojo’s upset makes him upset too.

 

     It seems that Gojo’s caught on to Megumi’s distress, his eyes shining in concern.  “What’s wrong?”

 

     Megumi wraps little arms around Gojo’s neck, “you’re sad.”

 

    Gojo sighs an arm draped along Megumi’s back, “I’m alright, Gremlin.”

 

      There’s a pause, then Megumi speaks.  “What were you dreaming about?”

 

     Gojo doesn’t say anything at first, the arm around Megumi tightening around the boy.  “You.”

 

     Megumi let the word sink in, Gojo was dreaming about him?  “Me?”

 

     “That Fushiguro came back.  That he dragged you away kicking and screaming, and I couldn’t do a damn thing about it.”

 

     Megumi didn’t know what to say to that.  Would he even want to go back to the life he had before Gojo?  A part of him does miss his parents, and he thinks that a little part of him always will.  But when he thinks back to how he was treated, about how he was just a Jujutsu Sorcerer, he feels sick.  He doesn’t ever want to go back to before, he wants to stay here, with Gojo.

 

     Megumi presses his cheek into Gojo’s chest, “that won’t happen.  You’re stuck with me whether Dad comes back or not.”

 

     Megumi can hear Gojo’s breathing hitch before he presses a kiss to the top of Megumi’s head.  “Good, ‘cause you’re stuck with me too.”

 

 

     Yuji, Sukuna, and Nanami sit under the big tree in the middle of Jujutsu High’s courtyard.  It’s the perfect spot to have a picnic, there’s shade and plenty of space for the twins to run around if they want.

 

     Nanami looks at the boys, seeing them happily enjoying their breakfast.  He’s glad the boys are enjoying themselves.

 

     Yuji leans on Nanami’s side, listening to Sukuna as he talks.

 

     Nanami thinks he could stay like this forever, with his two boys at his side.

 

     Nanami takes a bite of his sandwich just as his phone goes off.  He looks at it to see that it’s Principal Yaga.  He groans, turning to the boys, “Yuji, Sukuna.  Go play for a minute, I have to answer this.”

 

     Yuji gives Nanami a quick nod before running not too far away, Sukuna following close behind.

 

     Nanami answers the phone, “Principal Yaga, for the last time, I’m not going!”

 

     “I understand, Nanami but please, listen.”

 

     Nanami sighs, “what is it?”

 

     “I tried to explain the situation to the council, but they don’t care.  They said that if you won’t go on this mission then it proves that you cannot properly juggle your home life and your career, and the boys will be taken away and trained as Jujutsu Sorcerers under the Zenin clan.”

 

     Nanami can’t believe what he’s hearing.  Did they not care that these are children ?  That these are just kids that are hurting and need someone in their lives?

 

     “Nanami?”

 

     “Dammit!  Fine!  I’ll go!”  Nanami grits his teeth, “but I’m not happy about it!”

 

     Yaga hums, “neither am I.  I’ll inform you of the details of your mission later today.”  There’s a pause, then, “I truly am sorry, Nanami.  I did everything I could.”

 

     Nanami nods, “I know.”  He hangs up, sighing as he looks over at the boys.  He smiles, watching them chase each other, laughing.

 

     He should tell them about the mission, but he’ll do that later.  For now, he’ll let them enjoy their morning.

 

 

     Nanami sighs, now that it’s time to explain the situation to the boys he’s not sure how to do it.  Currently, the three of them sit at the kitchen table.  Yuji looks up at him expectantly, waiting for Nanami to talk.

 

     Nanami sighs, leaning forward, “listen, Yuji, Sukuna, do you know what my job is?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

     “Yeah, you fight monsters.”  Sukuna sits with his head resting on his hand, looking uninterested.

 

     Nanami nods, “that’s right.  I’m a Jujutsu Sorcerer.  I fight monsters to protect people.”  It was a little more complicated than that, but Nanami figured the boys wouldn’t understand.  They’ll learn about curses and how to use curse techniques when they’re old enough.  “Well the thing is I have to leave for a mission tonight, and I’ll probably be away for a few days.”

 

     “What?  Why?”  Sukuna snaps his head up to look at Nanami, hurt written on his face.

 

     “I don’t want to go, and I tried to get out of it.  You boys need me here and I’m not about to leave you for no reason.  But it’s not up to me.”

 

      “Why?  You can’t just leave!  Yuji needs you!”  Nanami can hear the strain in Sukuna’s voice, telling him Sukuna is upset about this too.

 

     “The people in charge want me to prove I can balance taking care of you two and my job.  If I don’t go then they’ll take you boys away.”  Nanami looks between Sukuna’s glare and Yuji’s heartbroken expression, making him feel even worse.  “I’m sorry.  I can’t do anything.  I can’t let that happen to you boys.”

 

     Yuji’s lip wobbles and he rubs at his eyes with his sleeve.  When he looks back at Nanami he gives the man a nod.

 

     Nanami gives Yuji a sad smile, his heart breaking at the kid’s attempt to be ok with Nanami leaving.  “I’m really sorry.”

 

      Yuji nods again, a small sob escaping his lips.

 

     “Oh, Yuji.”  Nanami gets up and walks over to give Yuji a hug.  “It’s ok.  I’ll be back before you know it, ok?  And, you’ll be staying with Gojo.  You remember him, don’t you?”

 

     Yuji gives a small nod, his forehead rubbing on Nanami’s shoulder.

 

     “Yeah, you like Gojo.  You guys’ll have lots of fun.  And, you’ll meet Megumi.  He’s a nice kid, I’m sure you three will be good friends.”

 

 

     Yuji does not want to do this.  He just wants to latch onto Nanami and not let go until the man caves and says he’ll stay.  But he knows he can’t.  This has to happen, so the least Yuji can do is try and put on a brave face.

 

     “You boys ready to go?”  Nanami stands in front of the boys, two backpacks in his hands.

 

      Yuji nods, squeezing his tiger tight with one hand and holding Sukuna’s with the other.

 

     Nanami opens the door before taking Sukuna’s hand and leading them out the door.

 

     “Where does this Gojo guy live anyway?”

 

      Nanami looks down at Sukuna, making note of the boy’s pout.  “Not too far.  He’s a Jujutsu Sorcerer too so he lives close by.”

 

     “Oh.”

 

      They walk the rest of the way in silence, leaving Yuji’s nerves a bundled mess.  Everything about Gojo is warm and inviting, down to the way the air feels around him, but being without Nanami sounds impossible.  Nanami is this big, immovable force that holds Yuji close and keeps him safe.  He makes Yuji feel loved and Yuji feels like he can be brave as long as Nanami is there.  Can he really be brave without him too?

 

     “Alright, here we are!”  Nanami knocks on the door.

 

       Yuji holds his breath, once this door opens he’ll have to say goodbye.

 

      The door opens, revealing a lanky man in sunglasses.  “Hello!”

 

     “Gojo, you remember Yuji and Sukuna.”  Nanami places a hand on both boys, leading them inside.

 

     “Of course!”  Gojo closes the door behind them before crouching down, getting real close to Yuji.  “Hiya!  It’s me!  Your Uncle Gojo!”

 

     Yuji leans back, staring at the man for a moment with wide eyes before bursting into tears.

 

     “Gojo!”  Nanami shoves the man out of the way before scooping up Yuji.

 

     “Eh!  I didn’t do anything!”

 

     “You can’t just get in his face like that!  You scared him!”  Nanami places a hand on the back of Yuji’s head, shushing him.

 

     Yuji cries into Nanami’s shoulder, he can’t do this.  It’s too much, how’s he supposed to function without Nanami there?

 

     “I told you over the phone that he’d be jumpy!”

 

     “I’m sorry!  I didn’t think that would scare him!”

 

     “You’re kind of an idiot, Gojo.”  A new voice joins the mix.  Yuji curiously looks to see a dark-haired boy.

 

     “Hey!  No one asked you!”

 

      “Didn’t need to, it’s obvious.”

 

      Gojo huffs, crossing his arms.  Yuji watches Gojo and the boy interact.  They seem comfortable with each other.

 

     Nanami sighs, “Sukuna, Yuji, this is Megumi.”

 

     So this is Megumi.  Yuji vaguely remembers seeing him asleep next to Gojo at the hospital.

 

     Megumi stares right back at Yuji, not saying anything for a moment.  “Hello.”

 

     Yuji blinks before giving Megumi a small wave back.

 

     “Alright, Bug.”  Nanami puts Yuji down before kneeling in front of him.  “I have to go.  Everything you and Sukuna need are in your backpacks, ok?”

 

     Yuji nods, his bottom lip trembling.  He doesn’t want to cry again, but his body won’t listen.

 

     Nanami shushes him, placing a hand on his cheek, “it’s alright.  Gojo has my number, he can call me whenever you need me and I’ll do my best to answer, ok?”

 

      Yuji nods, putting his hand up to Nanami’s, pressing it further into his cheek.

 

     “And I’ll be sure to call whenever I can.”  Nanami wipes a stray tear with his thumb before placing a kiss to Yuji’s forehead.  He presses his forehead to Yuji’s before speaking, “who’s my brave little boy?”

 

     Yuji giggles before pointing to himself.

 

     “That’s right, and you’re being so brave right now!”  Nanami pulls away, smoothing his hair back before turning to Sukuna, “you gonna be ok, Dumpling?”

 

     Sukuna huffs, crossing his arms and looking away with a pout.  “Whatever!  Just come back soon!”

 

     Nanami smiles, ruffling Sukuna’s hair.  “I’ll be back real soon, promise.”

 

     “You better, otherwise I’m gonna be mad!”

 

     Nanami sighs, “I’ll miss you too.”

 

     Sukuna finally looks over at Nanami, looking dumbfounded.

 

     “You don’t have to be strong, Sukuna.  You’re allowed to be upset.”

 

     “I’m not upset!”  Sukuna snaps his head in the other direction, his bottom lip wobbling.

 

     Nanami leans forward and hugs Sukuna tight.

 

      Sukuna tenses before melting into the hug, his forehead resting on Nanami’s shoulder.  “Do you have to go?”

 

     Sukuna’s quiet voice makes Nanami’s chest hurt.  “I do.”  He tightens his hold on Sukuna, “I’ll be back before you know it, ok?”

 

     “Yeah, ok.”

 

 
Notes:

    Finally, Megumi and the Itadori’s are meeting! I watched the Jjk movie last weekend and my hyperfixation has come back full force so expect quicker updates!

Chapter 15: You’re Gojo
Summary:

    Gojo shakes his head, “I don’t mind. You can call me whatever you want, Megumi.”

Notes:

    This one’s for all my baby girls. I see your comments, ladies and they make me smile. I’m lurking and stalking when you least expect it.

    No but seriously, thanks for all the nice comments, reading them makes me smile! Enjoy another chapter!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

     Megumi watches as Nanami says his goodbyes.  He turns to Gojo, tugging on his sleeve.

 

     Gojo looks at Megumi, giving him a hum in response.

 

     “This is Yuji and Sukuna?”  Megumi’s heard of the boys.  He’d helped Nanami move into his new house so they could move in.  He even knows what had happened to some extent, but he’s never seen the boys till now.

 

    Gojo nods, “yep!  That’s them!  Cute, huh?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, he guesses they’re just about as cute as any other kid his age.  The two look nearly identical, down to the curse marks under their eyes.  “How do you tell them apart?”

 

     “Don’t worry, they act nothing alike.  You’ll know.”

 

     Megumi nods, that’s good.  At least he shouldn’t get them confused.

 

     “Gojo,” Nanami speaks, seems like they’re done saying goodbye.  “I’m leaving now.  Do you remember what I told you on the phone?”

 

      “Uh, let’s see.”  Gojo pauses before listing everything off, “Yuji can be really skittish so try to make noise when you come in the room so you don’t scare him.  Sukuna needs the light on to sleep.  Make sure Yuji eats because the doctor said he’s underweight.  And Sukuna’s a really picky eater so stick to the list of foods you rattled off to me.”  Gojo smiles, “that all?”

 

     Nanami nods, “I’m surprised.  I thought you’d forget it all.”

 

     Gojo gasps putting a hand to his chest.  “Hey!  Have a little faith in me!”

 

     Megumi rolls his eyes, Gojo is by far the most dramatic person he’s ever met.  “I don’t.”

 

     Gojo snaps his head towards Megumi, “rude!”

 

     Megumi just shrugs.  He doesn’t say anything after that, just watching as Nanami gives the boys one last hug before leaving.

 

     One of the boys huffs, crossing his arms.  “Whatever.  C’mon Yuji, we don’t need him.”

 

     Yuji doesn’t respond, simply staring at the door.

 

     Gojo sighs, “alright, boys!  What do you want to do?  I’ve got some board games!  Or we can watch a movie!  Or we can do something else.”

 

     Yuji continues to stare at the door for about thirty seconds before bursting into tears.

 

     “Hey, Yuji.  It’s alright,” Gojo takes a few steps forward, placing a hand on Yuji’s shoulder.

 

      Yuji jolts away in response, letting out a choked noise before his sobs mix with some painful-sounding coughs.

 

     Gojo winces, putting his hands up in surrender.  “No touching!  Got it!”  Gojo bounces on his feet nervously, looking around as if the solution to the problem will appear.

 

     Megumi watches as Gojo fishes for his phone, walking towards the living room.

 

      Megumi looks back to Yuji, watching the poor kid cry his heart out.  It’s not really his problem, Gojo is the one who’d be best for this sort of thing.  But he knows what it’s like to be in this sort of situation, he can’t just leave Yuji there to cry.  So, Megumi walks toward Yuji till he’s standing in front of him

 

    Yuji looks at Megumi with big, sad eyes.

 

     “Uh, I’m Megumi.  You’re Yuji, right?”

 

     Yuji nods, rubbing his eyes.

 

     Megumi doesn’t say anything at first, unsure of what he should do now.  “I understand.  It doesn’t feel nice when they have to leave for missions.”

 

      Yuji tilts his head quizzically.

 

      “Before I lived with Gojo my parents would leave for missions all the time, and they’d leave me all by myself.  It made me sad and I was lonely.”  Megumi pauses, suddenly getting an idea, “I wasn’t alone though because I have special friends that can keep me company whenever I want!  Would you like to meet them?”

 

     Yuji’s eyes are wide as he gives a small nod.

 

     Megumi smiles before making the hand sign to summon his dogs.  The two materialize out of the shadows next to Megumi, “these are my Demon Dogs!  They’re my Shikiami!”

 

     Yuji stares in amazement at the two dogs.

 

      Megumi pets them behind the ears, “go on, say hi.”  The dogs walk over to Yuji, each giving him a good smell before licking him.

 

     Yuji giggles, giving the black one a big hug, practically sinking into its fur.

 

     Megumi smiles, proud that he was able to do something.

 

     “No, I’m telling you!  He freaked out when I touched him!  Maybe if you-“ Gojo walks back towards the three, stopping when he sees Megumi’s dogs doting on Yuji.  “Nevermind.  Megumi brought his dogs out and that did the trick.”  Gojo hangs up, he lets out a sigh as he pockets his phone.

 

     Yuji laughs as the white dog pokes Yuji’s neck with its nose.  He motions with his hand for Sukuna to come over.

 

     Sukuna eyes the dogs warily before shaking his head.  “I dunno, Yuji.  They’re awfully big.”

 

     “It’s alright.  They’re nice!”  Megumi smiles at Sukuna, “they listen really well!”

 

     “Ok…” Sukuna takes a small step forward, catching the attention of the white dog.

 

     The dog turns to look at Sukuna, causing the boy to let out a startled yelp before racing to hide behind Gojo.

 

     Gojo laughs, “c’mon, Tough Guy! It’s just a puppy!”

 

     “That’s not a puppy!”

 

      Gojo sighs, guiding Sukuna out from behind him to stand beside him.  “Here,” Gojo sits on his knees, placing a hand on Sukuna’s shoulder.  “Hold your hand out.”  He grabs the boy’s wrist gently, guiding it to reach out towards the dog.

 

     The dog walks slowly toward the two.

 

      When the dog’s a few feet away Sukuna jerks his hand, letting out a startled yelp as its fur brushes his hand.  He presses himself into Gojo, squeezing his eyes shut.

 

     “It’s ok, look.”

 

     Sukuna cracks his eyes open, finding the dog inches away from his face, his hand resting in its fur.

 

     Sukuna stares at the dog in amazement, “he’s soft.”

 

     Gojo smiles, “see?  Nothing to worry about.”

 

 

     Megumi sits with Sukuna and Yuji on the floor.  His dogs are laying with Yuji.

 

     Megumi thinks the twins are odd, but that doesn’t bother him really.  It feels nice having friends.

 

     “Look!  It’s a Polar Bear,” Megumi holds his picture up proudly.  “You know, they’re the largest carnivores on land!”

 

     “You sure like animals,” Sukuna doesn’t even look up, continuing to color his own picture.

 

     “What’re you drawing, Sukuna?”

 

      “A pirate ship.”

 

     “A pirate ship?”  Megumi leans over, catching a glimpse of the brown blob with a black sail.

 

     “Yeah.  Pirates are cool.”

 

     Megumi couldn’t really argue with that logic.  “What about you, Yuji?”

 

     Yuji looks up at Megumi with big eyes before holding up his drawing.  It’s of three people, the biggest of them having yellow hair.

 

     “Wow!  It’s that Nanami!?”  Megumi leans in, trying to get a better look.

 

     Yuji gives a small nod.

 

     “That’s cool!  Are you gonna give it to him?”

 

     Another nod, Megumi’s noticed that Yuji doesn’t talk much.

 

     “You don’t talk a lot, huh?”

 

     Yuji deflates at Megumi’s statement, looking down as he shakes his head.

 

     “Well that’s ok, I don’t mind.”

 

     Yuji looks back up, a surprised look on his face.

 

      “You don’t need to talk to be someone’s friend!  I’ll do enough talking for the both of us!”

 

 

     Yuji likes Megumi.  He’s patient and kind.

 

      Yuji’s happy to have a friend again.  He misses his best friend from his life before.  He misses going on playdates or when mom would take him and Junpei to the movies.  He remembers one time, they’d stayed up and watched all the Star Wars movies back to back!

 

     Thinking of Junpei makes Yuji’s chest feel tight.  He’d never see his friend again, would he?

 

     “You ok?”  Yuji looks up to see Megumi, looking concerned.  “You looked sad.”

 

     Yuji smiles and nods.  He’s ok, he has a new family now.

 

     “Alright, boys!”  Gojo walks into the room, a bag of chips in hand.  “What should we do about dinner?”

 

     Yuji shrugs, with all of today’s excitement, he’s not very hungry.

 

     “You better not cook.  Nanami would kill you if you gave them food poisoning.”

 

      Gojo gasps loudly, “rude!  It’s not my fault our oven is cursed!”

 

      “It’s not cursed, you’re just an idiot!”

 

     Yuji watches Megumi and Gojo bicker.  It seems like something they do often.  Yuji thinks it’s funny.

 

    “If you’re so sure I’ll ruin dinner I’ll just order a pizza and have Geto pick it up then!  Gojo puts his hands on his hips.

 

     “Sounds good, make one pepperoni.”  Megumi leans back, flopping on the pillow behind him.  He turns to Yuji and Sukuna, “you guys like pepperoni?”

 

     Yuji nods, he’ll eat any kind of pizza, it doesn’t matter to him.

 

     Sukuna, however, makes a disgusted sound.  “Pepperoni is gross!  It’s hard to bite and it always makes the cheese fall off!”

 

     “Alright, how’s one pepperoni and one cheese sound then?”

 

      Sukuna nods at Gojo, “cheese is good.”

 

     “Sounds like a plan!  I’ll order it and tell Suguru to pick it up after.”

 

     “Ugh,” Megumi rolls over to lay on his stomach, looking over to Gojo, “Geto?!”

 

     Gojo frowns, “yeah.  What’s wrong with that?”

 

      “I don’t like him.”

 

     “Well, why not?”  Gojo puts his hands on his hips, sounding a little annoyed.

 

     “It’s like having two of you around.”

 

     “Well like him or not he’s my best friend so you’re just gonna have to suck it up!”

 

 

     Geto doesn’t knock as per usual, walking right in as if he owns the place.  “Hey!  I’m here!”

 

      Megumi looks away from Yuji to glance at the man.  “Welcome.”

 

     “What a cold way to greet an old friend, you could be a little friendlier.”

 

     “Old friend?  I barely know you.”  Megumi’s only met the man a handful of times.  Like Gojo, he’s got this immense aura that doesn’t fit his personality.  He’s cheerful, but when he’s not with Gojo that cheerfulness feels forced.  Megumi hates it.

 

     “Old friend by association.  Since you’re Satoru’s kid and all.”

 

     Megumi scoffs, “I’m not Gojo’s kid!”

 

     “Well he’s taking care of you, isn’t he?  Close enough.”  Geto walks towards them, placing the pizza boxes on the coffee table, “I’m good to put these here right?  Your dogs aren’t gonna eat ‘em?”

 

     Megumi rolls his eyes, “they do what I tell them to.”

 

     “Right, of course.”  Geto looks away from Megumi, eyes landing on Yuji.  He smiles, “these must be the twins!  Hey, Monkey!  What’s up?”

 

     Yuji doesn’t respond.

 

     “Jeez, what’s the matter?  Cat got your tongue?”  Geto takes another step toward Yuji.

 

      Megumi’s dogs growl as he gets closer, causing Megumi to turn back to Yuji.  He notices the scared expression on the kid’s face.  “Hey, Geto.  You might wanna back up.  You’re scaring him.”

 

      “It’s fine, he’s just shy.  I wanna say hi,” another step.

 

     It’s then that Yuji decides the man is too close, letting out a shriek before bursting into tears.

 

     Megumi moves to go in between them, “I said you’re scaring him!”

 

     Megumi’s dogs are at his side in an instant.  And Megumi points at Geto, “make sure he doesn’t move!”

 

     “Hey, don’t sick your dogs on me!  Megumi!”

 

     “What is going on!?”  Gojo finally decides to enter, “dammit!  Can I not go to the bathroom in peace!?”

 

    “Your kid’s a damn psycho, Satoru!”

 

     Megumi turns to glare at Geto before turning his attention back to Yuji.

 

     Gojo looks at Megumi, then to Yuji who’s crying, hugging Megumi as if his life depended on it.  “Megumi?”

 

     “Your idiot boyfriend didn’t listen when I told him to back off! He scared Yuji!”

 

      “Excuse me!  I am not Satoru’s boyfriend!”

 

     Gojo sighs, going over to pick Yuji up.  “You’re not good with kids at all, are you, Suguru?”

 

     “I didn’t do anything!”

 

     “Did too!”  Megumi balls his hand in a fist, maybe if Geto listened, Yuji wouldn’t be upset!

 

     “Did not!”

 

     “Did too!”

 

      “Alright, alright!  Enough you two!”  Gojo steps closer to the two, causing Yuji to yell in surprise, aggressively shaking his head.

 

     Gojo looks down at Yuji in surprise, then at Geto.  “I think he’s scared of you.”

 

     “Yeah, no shit.”  Geto stuffs his hands in his pockets.

 

     “Told you!  You were scaring him!”  Megumi yells at Geto.

 

      “Listen here, Brat!  How was I supposed to know?!”  Geto tries to take a step towards Megumi, the dogs barking in response.

 

     “Hey!”  Gojo yells, sounding mad and effectively getting the peanut gallery to stop talking and look at him.  “First off, Suguru!  You are a grown-ass man, I’d appreciate it if you acted like one and didn’t talk to my kid that way!  Secondly,” Gojo turns to Megumi, “call off the Shikigami.  It’s sweet that you were trying to stand up for Yuji, but your dogs biting Suguru was only funny the first time!”

 

     Megumi huffs, “fine.”  He calls his dogs off, the dogs running to Gojo’s side.

  

      “And thirdly,” Gojo pauses, looking around the room.  “Where’s Sukuna?”

 

     “Over here.”  Sukuna pokes his head out from behind the couch, “are the dogs nice again?”

 

     “Yeah, sorry Sukuna.  I didn’t mean to scare you.”  Megumi suddenly feels guilty about scaring his friend, he didn’t think about the fact that Sukuna’s still a little scared of the dogs.  “I can put them away if you want.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “no, it’s ok.  Yuji likes them”

 

     “Right,” Gojo bends over and puts Yuji down, pushing the boy’s hair back to kiss him on the forehead before looking over to Geto.  “Come in the kitchen, Suguru.  We’ll talk more there.”

 

     Geto nudges Megumi with his hand before whispering.  “Look at what you did, now Satoru’s mad!”

 

     “It’s your fault!”  Megumi glares at Geto when he whispers back.

 

     “You started it!”

 

     The next words that leave Megumi’s mouth are at full volume, “I did not!  It’s your fault for being a terrible person!  You never care what anyone else has to say!”  Megumi turns to Gojo, frustrated beyond belief with the man standing next to him.  “Dad!  Geto-“ Megumi stops, his face turning bright red in realizing what he said.

 

     A smile finds its way to Gojo’s face.  “Yeah?  What is it?”

 

     Suddenly it feels like all eyes are on Megumi.  He fiddles with the hem of his shirt, his chest bubbling with some unfamiliar emotion.  “I…” Megumi shakes his head, unsure of what he was going to say, “n-nevermind.”

 

     Geto laughs next to him, causing Megumi’s face to feel hotter.  Shame finds its way to the surface and has Megumi worrying his bottom lip.  He looks down at his feet, doing his best to stop the tears that burn his eyes.  Why did he call Gojo that?  Gojo’s not dad, he’s Gojo!

 

     “Megumi?”

 

       Megumi looks up in response to Gojo, finding nothing but concern on the man’s face.

 

     “Everything ok, Gremlin?”

 

     Megumi looks back and forth between Gojo and Geto.  The smug look on Geto’s face makes him want to hit the man.  After a few moments, Megumi nods slowly, taking a deep breath.  “Fine.  I’m just gonna…” he doesn’t even finish his sentence, opting to point in the direction of his room before turning and walking away.

 

      His dogs try to follow Megumi, crying to him as they trail behind.  “No, stay with Yuji,” Megumi tries to ignore how his voice cracks.  He just needs some time to himself to sort everything out.

 

 

     Gojo knows Megumi is embarrassed the moment he says it, but it’s just so damn sweet that Gojo can’t help but smile.

 

     It’s when Geto laughs that the smile goes away.  And it’s when Megumi’s body language shifts from embarrassed to visibly upset that Gojo becomes concerned.

 

      That concern only grows as he watches Megumi go to his room, leaving his dogs behind.

 

      Gojo turns to Geto, finding him laughing again.  Annoyance fills him.  There was nothing funny about the situation, in fact, it’s probably Geto’s reaction that caused Megumi to be upset.

 

     Gojo walks over to Geto, grabbing the man by the ear before dragging him.  “Kitchen.  Now.”

 

      Geto curses, forcibly following.  “Ow!  I’m going!  I’m going!  Let go!”

 

     Gojo only lets go when the two are in the kitchen.

 

      Geto rubs his ear, pouting.  “You’re so mean!”  Geto looks around, seeing the scratches and trashed cabinets, “what the hell happened to your kitchen?”

 

      “One of Megumi’s Shikigami.”

 

     “So he told it to trash the kitchen, or what?”

 

     “It was an accident and that’s not the point!”  Gojo crosses his arms, a scowl on his face.  “I don’t appreciate how you treated Megumi.”

 

     “What are you talking about?  I didn’t do anything!”

 

     “You ignored and completely undermined what he had to say.  You purposefully picked a fight with him and argued with him even though it was your fault.  And you upset him even further when he was clearly already upset!”  Gojo couldn’t believe this.  He loved Geto, but sometimes he didn’t know when to quit messing around.

 

     “So?  The kid’s sensitive.  Not my fault.”

 

     “Are you serious!?”  Gojo’s never been so mad at Geto, “he’s a child , Suguru!  He’s going through enough as it is without you making him feel like shit!”

 

     “I didn’t mean anything by it!  Gosh, what’s the big deal!?”

 

     “You don’t know what it feels like, Suguru!  To be viewed as just some weapon !  To not have anyone care about what you think or want!”  Gojo’s yelling now, his voice raw with emotion.  “To be on a pedestal as a Jujutsu Sorcerer instead of just a kid who wants to be acknowledged for who they are instead of something greater!”

 

     Gojo’s shoulders shake, Geto might not understand, but he does. “Don’t you dare  make Megumi feel like he’s ignored again.  He’s hurting enough without adding you to the mix.”

 

     “Alright, alright.  I’m sorry.  I didn’t know.”  Geto’s expression is grim, he may not understand or be able to relate to Gojo’s and Megumi’s situations, but he knows how it affected Gojo.  “Are you alright?”

 

     Gojo’s eyes burn with raw emotion, and when he speaks his voice breaks.  “I don’t want him to go through that anymore.”

 

 

Gojo walks back into the living room, Geto following behind him.  He looks to Sukuna and Yuji who look up at him expectingly.  “Alright, boys Suguru’s leaving.”

 

     Geto rubs the back of his neck.  “Sorry I scared you, Yuji.”

 

     “Don’t go near my brother again or I’ll kick you.”

 

      “Sukuna!”  Gojo doesn’t know what to say.

 

      “No, it’s alright.  I get it.  I caused quite the commotion today.”  Geto says a final goodbye before leaving.

 

      Gojo sighs, running a hand through his hair.  What a day this has been.

 

     Yuji tugs on The hem of Gojo’s shirt.  Gojo looks down to see a sad look on Yuji’s face.  “What’s wrong, Little Man?”

 

     Yuji points in the direction Megumi had gone.  Seems like he’s worried about Megumi.

 

     Gojo sighs, “I’ll go talk with him.  Then we’ll all have dinner, ok?”

 

     Yuji nods before Gojo goes towards Megumi’s room.

 

     Gojo knocks on the door.  “Megs?  I’m coming in.”  He opens the door, finding Megumi sitting in the corner, head on his knees as he looks at his white bear.

 

     Gojo walks over to sit next to Megumi.  He doesn’t say a word, simply waiting for the kid to speak first.

 

     “I’m sorry.”

 

     Gojo isn’t sure what he was expecting Megumi to say, but it certainly wasn’t that.  “Why are you sorry?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, “I-I dunno.  For causing a scene?  For calling you dad.”  He grips his arms tight, glancing at Gojo before looking away.  “I shouldn’t have said that.”

 

     Gojo shakes his head, “I don’t mind.  You can call me whatever you want, Megumi.”

 

     Megumi shakes his head again, “but you’re not Dad.  Dad’s grumpy and intense and he makes me do things I don’t like doing.  You’re Gojo , you’re weird and goofy and you don’t push me.”  Megumi looks to Gojo, eyes welling with tears, “you’re nothing like dad!”

 

     Gojo takes Megumi in his arms, resting his head atop Megumi’s.  He understands, Fushiguro may have been a terrible person, but he’s still Megumi’s dad.  It’s hard to accept that someone who was meant to be such an important figure is suddenly just gone.  And Gojo’s sure that some part of Megumi feels guilty, that feels like he’s betrayed the only true parents he’ll ever have.  “I get it.”

 

     “You do?”  Megumi’s voice is quiet as the tears come.

 

     Gojo nods, “Fushiguro’s your dad, your real dad.  He’s the one that left and hurt you.  You don’t want to associate me with him, and calling me dad did that.”  A part of Gojo wanted to tell Megumi that Fushiguro doesn’t deserve to be called that.  That he’s a terrible, terrible man for abandoning such a sweet, lovable kid.  He wants to say that and so much more, but it’s harsh and would probably upset Megumi further.

 

     Megumi nods, “are you upset?”

 

     Gojo shakes his head, “why would I be upset?”

 

     “I dunno… you smiled when I’d said it, I thought maybe you’d be disappointed?”

 

      “Disappointed?  Never.  I’ll never be disappointed in you, Gremlin.”  Gojo understands, he understands Megumi’s thought process and reasoning behind it, he’d never be upset at that.  “You call me whatever you want, ok?”

 

     Megumi nods, letting silence pass between them for a few moments before speaking again.  “Gojo?”

 

     Gojo hums, holding Megumi tighter.

 

     “You’re better.”

 

     “I’m better?”

 

      Megumi nods, pressing himself further into Gojo.  “You’re better than Dad.”
Notes:

    Ok so I wanted to add Geto (the movie inspired me) only thing is is that I don’t read the manga so I know almost nothing about his character. I hope he’s not too out of character, I’m only going by the snippets of him from the movie.

Chapter 16: Spoiled Appetite
Summary:

    “What’s wrong?” There was obviously a complex issue going on. Gojo knows this was more than just not being hungry, and he was gonna figure out what.

Notes:

    I feel like not much happened in this chapter but also so much happened. You know what I mean? Any who enjoy!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 



     Never in a million years did he think Megumi would be this comfortable around the twins so fast.  It had taken around a week for him to open up to Gojo, but here Yuji was, leaning up against Megumi without getting swat away or yelled at.  Gojo tries not to take it too personally.

 

     Yuji stares at his slice of pizza that sits on the coffee table.

 

     Gojo frowns, Yuji’s looking at his food but it doesn’t seem like he sees it.  It’s like the kid is staring right through it.  “Hey, Yuji.”

 

     Yuji jolts, breaking from his stupor and looking at Gojo.

 

     “You ok?”

 

      Yuji nods, giving Gojo a strained smile.

 

      Megumi glances at Yuji, nudging him with his shoulder, “aren’t you hungry?”

 

      Yuji shrugs in response.

 

       Gojo frowns, something about this felt… weird.  “You gotta eat so you can get big and strong!”

 

      Yuji looks up at Gojo, his big eyes sad and his lip wobbling.

 

     “Oh, Yuji,” Gojo kneels down, holding his arms out.

 

      Yuji gets up and runs over, tackling Gojo in a hug as he hides his face in the older man’s shirt.

 

     “What’s wrong?” There was obviously a complex issue going on.  Gojo knows this was more than just not being hungry, and he was gonna figure out what.

 

     Yuji lets out a whine, shaking his head.

 

     “I know, I know.”  Gojo smooths Yuji’s hair down, “I just want to help.  I can’t do that if I don’t know what’s wrong.”  Gojo pauses before continuing, “so why don’t you try to show me, ok?”

 

     After a moment, Yuji nods his head and pulls away.  He puts his hand under his chin, probably trying to figure out the best way to explain.

 

     A few more moments pass before Yuji’s eyes light up.  He runs over to the end of the room, digging through the bin of animal figures Megumi brought out for them to play with earlier.

 

      Gojo waits patiently for Yuji to return with whatever he’s looking for.  He sits back at the table, dumping an assortment of figures on the floor next to him before getting to work.

 

     Gojo watches curiously as Yuji carefully places down some animals.  He puts two tigers down on one end of his plate and an owl, and two dogs on the other end.

 

     Gojo sits down on the other end of the coffee table, pointing at the display.  “What’s this?”

 

     Yuji points to one tiger, then to Sukuna.  Then he points to the other tiger before pointing to himself.

 

     Gojo hums, seeming to understand, “so this is you and Sukuna.  And these are the rest of your family?”

 

     Yuji nods, picking up each animal and making them pretend to eat the pizza.

 

     “You guys are eating?”  Gojo gets a nod in response.  “Ok, then what?”

 

     Yuji freezes for a moment before hesitantly reaching for the next figure.  He then slams a mean-looking gorilla down on the table.

 

     Gojo frowns as Yuji shakily reaches for the dogs and owl figures, pushing them over.  Gojo suddenly connects the dots as Yuji goes to grab the next animal.  “Yuji.”

 

     Yuji looks up at him, eyes wide.  His body shakes as he clutches a lion in his hand.  Gojo can only assume the lion is supposed to be Nanami.

 

      “You can stop, I understand.”  Gojo’s heart aches for this kid, why did the world have to be so cruel?

 

     Yuji relaxes, rubbing at his eyes.  A small sob finds its way past his lips.

 

     “Yuji, it’s ok.”  Megumi leans his head on Yuji’s shoulder.

 

     “Yeah!  You don’t have to eat,” Sukuna leans against Yuji’s other side.  “The pizza is probably cold by now anyway.”

 

     Gojo feels terrible, here Yuji is, having an awful day, and Gojo had to make it worse by making the kid explain his trauma.  At least now he knows why he won’t eat a lot.  “You don’t have to eat right now.  You can try again later, ok?”

 

     Yuji nods his head before leaning it up against Megumi’s.

 

      Gojo stands up before grabbing Yuji’s plate.  “Alright, I’ll go pop this in the fridge for later and see if I can call Nanami!  How does that sound?”  It’s been like four hours since Nanami dropped the boys off, and after that Gojo figures Yuji could use hearing the man’s voice right about now.

 

     Yuji’s head perks up as he nods.

 

     Gojo smiles, “I’ll be right back.”  He walks to the kitchen, putting the pizza away before fishing in his pocket for his phone.

 

     Nanami lets it ring about three times before he answers, “hello?  Gojo?”

 

     “Hey, Nanami!  You’re not busy are you?”

 

     “Nope!  Eating dinner right now, I was gonna call you afterward.  Is everything alright?”  Nanami’s worry carries through the phone.

 

     “Uhm yeah, I guess.”

 

     “Did Yuji not eat his food?”  It appears that Nanami is psychic.

 

     “Actually, about that… I have a question.”

 

     “What is it?”

 

       Gojo walks over to the counter, leaning on it before continuing.  “What time was it when you first met the twins?”

 

     “Sometime around noon.  Why?”

 

     Gojo gnaws at his lip before speaking.  “So, lunchtime?”

 

     There’s silence on the other line, Gojo takes it as a sign to continue.  “I asked him if he could show me what was wrong when he wouldn’t eat.  He used some of Megumi’s toys to show me.  I feel bad for making him relive it, but there was clearly something wrong.  He was staring at his food in a daze and-“

 

     “Gojo, it’s alright.  Thank you.”

 

     Gojo’s surprised by Nanami’s response, “thank you?”

 

      “He could never figure out a way to explain it to me and I never wanted to push him to try.  Thank you for figuring it out.”

 

     Gojo nods, this was a good thing then.  “I still feel like shit for upsetting him.”

 

     Nanami hums, “I’m sure.  Could I talk to him?”

 

 

     Yuji sits sandwiched between Megumi and Sukuna, the dogs at his feet.

 

      Yuji waits patiently for Gojo to come back so he can talk to Nanami.  It feels like it’s been forever since he’s talked to him.

 

     It doesn’t take long for Gojo to walk back in.  Once Yuji sees Gojo he jumps up and races over.  He tugs on Gojo’s shirt urgently, wanting nothing more than for Gojo to give him the phone.

 

     “Here, I’m passing the phone to him.”

 

     Yuji practically snatches the phone from Nanami before putting it up to his ear.

 

      There’s a pause before Nanami speaks, “Yuji?”

 

     Just hearing his voice makes Yuji feel so relieved.  All this tension he didn’t know had been building lessens and he slumps to the floor, letting out a sob.

 

      “Oh, Bug it’s alright.  I miss you too.”

 

     Yuji hiccups.  He wants to talk to Nanami, to tell him he misses him and that he wants him to come back.  He wants to tell Nanami he loves him and to be careful.  He wants to say so much, but all that comes out is a pitiful whine.

 

     Nanami shushes him, “it’s ok.  Take a deep breath, Bug.  You’re alright.”

 

     Yuji nods his head, taking a shaky breath.

 

     “How’s it at Gojo’s?  You having fun?”

 

      Yuji shrugs, humming in response.

 

     “Yeah, I’m sure today’s been rough.  Tomorrow will be better, I promise.”

 

 

     Gojo watches Yuji as the kid holds his phone in a death grip.  Yuji listens to Nanami’s words as if it’s the last time he’ll ever hear the man.

 

      Gojo decides to look away, watching Yuji strangle his phone is stressing him out.  He goes to sit next to Megumi on the floor.

 

     Megumi responds immediately by leaning into the man’s side.

 

     Gojo looks down at Megumi in surprise, his eyebrows furrowing in concern when he realizes how exhausted the kid looks.  “You alright, Gremlin?”

 

     Megumi hums in response.

 

      Gojo frowns, putting a hand on the boy’s forehead.  Surely Megumi shouldn’t be so pale.  It’s then that Gojo eyes the dogs.  How long has Megumi had those things out?  “How long have your dogs been out?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, “when did the twins get here?”

 

     “Too long then.  Put them away.”  Gojo should’ve made Megumi put them away sooner.  It’s been so hectic he didn’t notice.   Though he has to say, he’s pretty impressed that Megumi was able to keep his dogs out for so long, that takes energy and skill, it would be impressive for any skilled sorcerer to pull it off, much less a child.

 

     Megumi shakes his head, “Yuji likes ‘em.”

 

     Gojo smoothes Megumi’s hair down.  “He’ll understand.  Keeping your dogs out requires Cursed Energy that you don’t have right now.  You’re gonna hurt yourself.”

 

     After a moment, Megumi sighs.  “Alright.”  He releases his demon dogs before snuggling further into Gojo.

 

     It’s a few minutes later that Yuji comes back with his phone, seeming happier than he was before.

 

     Gojo takes the phone from Yuji, putting it up to his ear.  “You still there, Nanami?”

 

      “I told Yuji that he doesn’t have to eat now, but he should try to eat something in an hour when his appetite comes back.”

 

     “Roger that!  Did you wanna talk to Sukuna?”

 

     “Yes.”

 

 

     Sukuna takes the phone from Gojo when he hands it to him.

 

     “Hi, Dumpling!  How’re you holding up?”

 

      “Some guy made Yuji cry!”  He wasn’t sure why that was the first thing that left his mouth.  Maybe if he focused on how Yuji was feeling then he wouldn’t notice the tight feeling in his chest.

 

      “What?”

 

      “Yeah, some big dude with black hair dropped our pizzas off and made Yuji cry!”

 

      “Ah.  Geto has that effect on people.  I'm assuming he didn’t really do anything?”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “no, he’s just big and scary and had this intense feeling to him.  Plus he’s an idiot!  If he ever goes near Yuji again I’ll kick him!”

 

     Nanami chuckles, “alright, settle down.  I wanted to talk to you to see how you were doing.  I already talked to Yuji.”

 

     “Oh.  I’m fine.”  He was fine, really.  Aside from being in some house he didn’t know full of things he couldn’t see around he was fine.  He could handle the anxiety of not knowing what‘s around the corner.  It really was fine.

 

     “Just fine?”

 

       Sukuna hums in agreement, “yep!  Everything is good!”

 

     There’s a pause before Nanami speaks, “you can tell me if something’s bothering you, Dumpling.  Your feelings are just as important as anyone else’s.”

 

       Sukuna’s shoulders slump, that’s right, his feelings did matter, didn’t they?  He has a hard time remembering that.  To him, all that matters is Yuji, so why would his feelings matter?  But Nanami doesn’t think that, He cares for them both.  “No, I know it’s just,” Sukuna pauses, is there any point in telling him?  It seems silly now thinking about it, and it’s not like Nanami can do anything about it.

 

     “What is it?”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “it’s just, there’s nothing you can do about it.”  Sukuna’s voice is quiet and shaky.

 

     “How would I know if you don’t tell me?  Maybe talking about it will make you feel better?”  Nanami’s voice is gentle, it makes Sukuna feel safe.

 

     Sukuna hesitates for a moment, it really is a silly thing to be worked up over.  But, eventually, he decides that Nanami won’t think it's silly.  “There’s so much stuff.”

 

     “What do you mean?”

 

     “I can’t see everything.  I don’t know what’s where or if anything’s there.  It’s scary and it makes my chest hurt.  I just want you.  When are you coming back?”  Sukuna’s crying by the end of his babbling, his words barely understandable past the sobs.

 

     “Hey, Dumpling it’s alright.  Take a deep breath.”

 

     Sukuna takes a breath in, but all that comes out is a string of sobs.

 

     “Hey, Sukuna, listen.  I promise I’m coming home as soon as I can, alright?  Until then, Gojo is one of the strongest people I know, even stronger than me!  He’ll keep you and Yuji safe.”

 

     “I want you!”

 

     “I know, Dumpling.  I’m sorry.”

 

      Sukuna scrubs at his eyes in frustration.  It’s not Nanami’s fault, he knows it’s not, but he can’t help but feel angry at the man for not being here.  “No, you’re not!  If you were you’d be here!”

 

     “That’s not fair.  There’s nowhere I’d rather be right now than with you two.”  Nanami sounds sad.

 

     For whatever reason, Nanami’s response only makes Sukuna feel more annoyed.  “Whatever, just go back to doing your stupid mission why don’t you!?”  Sukuna doesn’t give Nanami a chance to respond, deciding to hang up before the man can answer.

 

 

     Gojo’s surprised when Sukuna bursts into tears while explaining to Nanami what’s bothering him.  He’s even more surprised when Sukuna’s sadness turns to anger.

 

     When Sukuna hangs up, he throws the phone onto the floor in frustration, deciding to plop down next to it to pout.

 

     Gojo sighs, emotions are complex things that are difficult to comprehend and handle.  Sukuna’s probably feeling a thousand different emotions right now, that he can’t possibly know how to deal with at his age.

 

      Gojo wouldn’t know the first step in helping the boy deal with his emotions, but he does know one thing he can help with.  So, he gets up and goes over to Sukuna before scooping the boy up.

 

     “Hey!  What are you doing!?”

 

     “Relax, you said you didn’t like all the different spots that you couldn’t see, right?”

 

      Sukuna nods his head slowly in response.

 

     “So, we’re gonna go search the house top to bottom till you’ve seen every inch!”

 

     “That’ll take forever.”

 

     Gojo shrugs, “maybe, but we’ve got time!  Besides, it’ll make you feel better!”  He turns to Yuji and Megumi, “me and Sukuna are gonna go on a very thorough house tour.  You two can stay here and watch tv if you want.”

 

     “Ok, have fun.  Here, Yuji, you can pick the show!”  Gojo watches Megumi run and give Yuji the remote before going off with Sukuna.

 

     They start with the bedrooms, looking under every bed, behind every curtain and in every closet.

 

     Gojo’s phone rings while they’re in the middle of searching his room.  “Yello!”

 

      “Gojo.”

 

       “Ah, Nanami!  Figured you’d call back.”

 

      “Sukuna, how’s-“

 

      “Ah, Sukuna’s fine,” Gojo holds his phone on his shoulder while he opens the closet.  “He’s just frustrated.  It’s normal for him to be upset in this situation.”

 

     “So he’s ok?”

 

     Gojo hums, “yup!  We’re going through the whole house so he doesn’t have to worry when turning the corner!  Isn’t that right, Sukuna?”

 

     Sukuna looks to Gojo, his face turning red, “I guess.”

 

      “Can I talk to him?”  Nanami’s desperation to make things right with Sukuna was evident in his voice.

 

     “Give him time to cool off.  He’s alright, I promise I’ll call if something comes up.”

 

     After a few more exchanges Gojo hangs up the phone.

 

      The two continue their sweep of the house, examining every nook and cranny till they make their way back to the living room.

 

     Gojo notices the spy cartoon that’s on.  Seems like Yuji and Megumi have very different tastes in shows.

 

     Sukuna looks over to the tv.  “Oh, Spy Wars.”

 

      “Spy Wars?”  Is that what they’re watching?  It’s the first Gojo’s heard of the show.

 

     “Yuji found it not too long ago, it’s been his favorite show recently.  Nanami’s been taping them for him since it’s always on late.”

 

     Gojo laughs at the idea of Nanami going out of his way to make sure Yuji’s show was taping at whatever godforsaken hour it decided to air.  “I’m sure Yuji appreciates it.”

 

     The two walk towards the couch, finding Yuji and Megumi leaning against each other sound asleep.

 

     Gojo stops himself from cooing at how cute the two are.  And if he goes to grab his camera to take a picture, then who can blame him?
Notes:

    Yes, the Spy Wars is a reference to Spy x Family, I think that Yuji would thoroughly enjoy the cheesy show.

Chapter 17: You’re not upset?
Summary:

    Sukuna doesn’t know how to describe this feeling. His chest feels tight and a thousand thoughts run through his mind.

Notes:

    Sorry I haven’t updated this in awhile. I somehow fell back into Voltron hell.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

     Gojo and Sukuna decide to bake brownies while the other two sleep.

 

     “No, you’re doing it wrong.  You need to stir it like this.”  Sukuna takes the bowl from Gojo before mixing the batter using big, swooping motions.

 

     “How can you stir wrong?  It’s just mixing stuff!”

 

      Sukuna scoffs, “well if you want them fluffy you do it like this!”

 

     “What difference does it make?”

 

     “It adds air!  Jeez, no wonder Megumi told you to get take out, you don’t know anything!”

 

     “Hey!”  Gojo crosses his arms, a pout on his face.  “How come you know all this anyway?”

 

     “I baked with mom all the time.  It’s fun.”  A small smile finds its way to Sukuna’s face as he thinks of all the times his mother would explain to him anything and everything about baking.  Yuji loved to cook with mom, but baking was Sukuna’s thing.

 

     Gojo ruffles Sukuna’s hair, giving him a goofy smile.  “You know your stuff!  What’s next, oh mighty Head Chef!”

 

 

      Megumi comes into the kitchen just as Sukuna and Gojo are finishing up.  “Gojo?”

 

     Gojo turns towards Megumi, his eyes shining in concern at Megumi’s tiny voice.  That concern only grows when he sees the tears in the kid's eyes.  “Hey, Gremlin,” Gojo speaks so softly as he goes over to pick Megumi up.  “Was it another bad dream?”  Gojo smoothes Megumi’s hair down.

 

     Megumi nods, burying his face into Gojo’s shoulder.

 

      Gojo frowns, he’s not sure what brought on this bout of nightmares but it was really starting to worry him.

 

     Not much later, Yuji comes in, looking rather distressed.  It’s when his eyes land on everyone that he relaxes, sighing as all the tension leaves his shoulders.

 

     “Sorry, Little Guy.  We didn’t mean to leave you by yourself.”  Gojo ruffles Yuji’s hair with his free hand before continuing, “Sukuna and I decided to make brownies and Megumi woke up and came looking for me.

 

     Yuji looks to Megumi, who’s clinging to Gojo as the man holds him.  Yuji frowns, eyes shining in concern.

 

     “Bad dream, it happens.”  Gojo’s sure that Yuji understands because the concern on the kid’s face only grows.

 

     Gojo sighs, looking over at the clock.  Ten o’clock, how it got to be that late, Gojo will never know.  “You hungry, Yuji?  Your pizza is still in the fridge,” he supposes now would be as good a time as any for dinner.

 

     Yuji nods, giving his stomach a good pat.

 

      Gojo laughs, “Alright, go sit down.  I’ll get it.”  Gojo walks to the fridge and skillfully grabs the food with one hand before walking over and giving it to Yuji.

 

     Gojo feels relieved when he watches Yuji happily chow down on his pizza.  Thank god, is this how Nanami feels?  Gojo should apologize for always adding to the never-ending stress that comes with making sure these two always feel safe and loved.

 

      At least now that Yuji’s eaten that’s one less thing for Gojo to worry about.

 

 

     The four watch tv in the pillow fort Gojo decided they should make.  It took about an hour, and Gojo knows it’s now way past their bedtime but every kid’s allowed to stay up late every now and then.

 

     The living room is the perfect place for them to sleep, the kitchen light gives off just enough light that Sukuna can see, but the rest of them won’t be bothered by the light.

 

     Sukuna and Yuji currently sit next to Gojo, squished together as close as possible as they stare at the screen.

 

      Gojo’s worried about the movie choice.  Since Megumi let Yuji pick what they watched earlier, Yuji insisted that he pick.  So, Megumi picked his favorite movie…

 

       The only issue is that it happens to be Jurassic Park.

 

     Now, never in a million years did Gojo think a four-year-old would like Jurassic Park.  He was flipping through channels one day and figured the movie would be too scary for Megumi.  He was mistaken when Megumi yelled in protest, demanding he put the movie back on.  Maybe Megumi’s love for the movie stems from his love of animals, but whatever it was Gojo had never seen him so focused on something that wasn’t a nature documentary.

 

     So Gojo was currently worrying about the twins getting scared from the movie, and Megumi, who was currently using Gojo’s lap as a pillow.

 

     Megumi isn’t really watching the movie.  He just stares at the movie absentmindedly, not really paying attention to what’s going on as he holds Gojo’s hand tight with both hands.  The bad dream from earlier must’ve really shaken him.

 

     Gojo uses his other hand to card through Megumi’s hair, causing the kid to look up at him.  “You alright?”

 

      Megumi hums, giving a small nod.

 

     “Is something bothering you?  Or are you just tired?”

 

      Megumi closes his eyes, rolling back over, “tired.”

 

     Gojo smiles, good.  So long as nothing else was bothering him, tired was an easy fix.  “Go to sleep then.”

 

     Megumi squeezes Gojo’s hand a little tighter, “you’ll stay, right?”

 

     “I’ll stay as long as you want me to.”

 

 

     Gojo wakes the next morning to the worst crick in his neck.  He lifts his head up from its unnatural position, that’s the last time he falls asleep sitting up.

 

      Gojo looks down to find three sleeping figures at his side.  Yuji and Megumi use his lap as a pillow while Sukuna is pressed as close to him as possible.

 

     Gojo smiles at just how cute they are.  After all that excitement yesterday, it’s good that the three were able to get a good night’s sleep.  Unfortunately for Gojo, he’s trapped till they wake up, a sacrifice he’s willing to pay.

 

    He wonders how much longer he’ll have to watch the twins for.  Will Nanami take a few days to finish his mission, or will he be able to wrap it up quickly and be here later today?  He should probably give Nanami a call and get an idea of how far along he is, being able to gauge how long he’ll be might be a comfort to Yuji.  It would be much easier for him if he knew rather than wondering how long he’d be waiting for Nanami.

 

     It was decided then, he’d call Nanami after breakfast.

 

 

     It isn’t too long till Megumi wakes up, sitting up to stretch.  His body is sore in some places, but that’s what happens when you sleep on the floor.

 

     He still felt fuzzy and a little out of it, having his dogs out for so long was more taxing than he’d realized.

 

     “Morning, Gremlin,” Gojo’s sudden voice causes Megumi to jump.

 

      Gojo gives the kid an apologetic smile, “sorry, didn’t mean to scare you.  How ya feeling?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, rubbing his eyes.  “Fine, I guess,” feeling run down was a bit of an inconvenience, but nothing Megumi wasn’t used to.  When he lived with his parents he’d overuse his Cursed Technique all the time so it wasn’t really a big deal.

 

     Gojo, however, frowns at his response.  “You guess?”

 

     Megumi hums in affirmation, “it’s not that big a deal.  My body’s tired from overusing my Cursed Technique.  I’m used to it.”

 

      Gojo doesn’t answer for a moment, the frown on his face deepening.  “If it relates to your health it is a big deal.  You should relax today.  If you push yourself you’re gonna hurt yourself.”

 

      There’s concern in Gojo’s voice, letting Megumi know he’s serious.  Megumi leans into Gojo, “whatever you say, Gojo.”

 

     Gojo shifts, moving to place a hand on Megumi’s forehead.  His cold fingers surprise Megumi, but it isn’t an unwelcome sensation.

 

     Gojo hums in displeasure, “you feel warm.”  Gojo’s hand moves to the back of Megumi’s neck.  “You sure you feel ok?”

 

       Megumi nods, “just tired.”

 

      Gojo doesn’t look convinced, “let’s go take your temperature just to be sure.”

 

     “I’m really ok,” Megumi isn’t sure what the issue is.  If he doesn’t feel sick then why does it matter if Gojo thinks he feels warm?

 

     Despite Megumi’s words, Gojo moves to gently slide Yuji’s head off his leg.  “I know, but just in case.  It would make me feel better.”

 

     “But I don’t feel sick.”

 

      “I just wanna check, Gremlin.” Gojo’s expression is sad, “I don’t ever want you to get that sick ever again.  Not if I can help it.”

 

      Oh, so that’s what this is about.  Megumi feels bad, he caused Gojo a lot of stress when he got sick.  The least he can do is let the man dote on him a little bit.  So, he lets Gojo carry him to the bathroom.

 

     Gojo sits Megumi on the sink before rummaging through the medicine cabinet for the thermometer.  After Megumi had gotten sick a little over a week ago, Gojo made sure to fully stock the cabinet with all sorts of medicine just in case.

 

     “Ah-ha!”  Gojo holds up a small stick, “found it!”

 

     Gojo sticks it under Megumi’s tongue, holding it there.

 

     Megumi does his best to keep the thermometer in place even though it’s poking his tongue and making it uncomfortable.  If he messes it up then he’d have to sit through it again, and that didn’t sound very appealing.

 

      After a moment or two, the machine beeps.  Gojo takes the thermometer, looking at it before clicking his tongue in disapproval.  “99.8,” Gojo presses his hand to Megumi’s forehead again.  “The doctor did say that your immune system might be weak for a little while.  I want you to take it easy till your fever’s gone.”

 

     Megumi huffs in annoyance, honestly, Gojo was overreacting.  “Yeah yeah, you got it,” he supposes he should listen to Gojo.  If relaxing would ease Gojo’s worry then that’s what he’ll do.

 

      Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair before picking him up to place him on the floor.  “Go relax and watch some tv while I make breakfast.”

 

 

     Gojo’s taking too long to make breakfast.  Making pancakes for four can’t take that much longer than making them for two, can it?

 

      Megumi lays on the couch, staring at the cartoon.  It’s a little hard to hear since the he kept the volume low to not wake the twins.  It’s not like he’s really watching it, his head is too fuzzy to make any sense of it, and his head’s starting to hurt.

 

     Megumi gets up and goes to the kitchen.  When he gets there, Gojo’s back it to him.  “Gojo?”

 

     Gojo turns around, a pan in his hand.  “Yeah, Gremlin?”

 

     “My head hurts.”

 

     Gojo puts the pan down on the counter before going over to Megumi and picking him up.  “Let’s get you something for that.”

 

     Gojo takes Megumi into the bathroom and sits him on the counter once again while he searches for what he needs.

 

     Gojo turns around, holding a spoon out with the orange liquid.  “Here, Megs!  This should help with your headache and bring that fever down some!”

 

     Megumi takes the medicine, the syrup consistency burns his throat some.  “How can it do both?”

 

     “Tylenol’s a pain reliever so it’ll treat just about anything that’s bothering you.”

 

     “Oh,” Megumi guesses that makes sense, though the fever wasn’t really bothering him.

 

     “Now, let’s go finish making breakfast!”

 

 

     Gojo finishes making breakfast with one hand.  He refuses to put Megumi down.  It’s a comfort to Gojo, to feel Megumi and see him and know he’s ok.  It might be a little selfish of him, watching someone make breakfast isn’t exactly exciting, but after the last time, Gojo can’t bring himself to let go.

 

     Megumi rests his head on Gojo’s shoulder, seeming content with sitting there.

 

     “Did you sleep well?  No bad dreams?”  Gojo was pretty sure he would’ve realized if Megumi had a nightmare but he wanted to be sure.

 

     Megumi shakes his head.  “I slept fine.”

 

     “That’s good,” he moves the giant plate of pancakes over to the table before going to grab some plates for the four of them.  “Should we have strawberries or blueberries with our pancakes?”

 

     “Strawberries.”

 

     “Strawberries it is,” Gojo opens the fridge just as his phone goes off.  He answers without even glancing at the number, “hey, Nanami!  I was gonna call-“

 

     “Hello is this Satoru Gojo?”

 

      Gojo frowns at the feminine voice, a pit forming in the bottom of his stomach, “that’s me.”

 

     “Hi, this is Dr. Ritcher.  I’m here to inform you that Mr. Nanami was injured during his last assignment and is here at Jujutsu High’s hospital.”

 

 

     Getting the boys dressed and out the door was difficult enough, but not nearly as hard as carrying both twins through the hospital.  How does Nanami function with no hands?

 

     Yuji clings to Gojo as they walk through the halls towards Nanami’s room, hiding his face in the crook of Gojo’s neck.

 

     Gojo can only imagine how the boys must feel right now.  Gojo had explained that Nanami is going to be ok and that he isn’t hurt that badly, but he doesn’t think it eased the boys’ worries.

 

     Megumi trails behind, holding his bear in one hand and a tiger stuffed animal in the other.

 

     Gojo recognizes the tiger as Yuji’s and he can’t help but find it sweet that Megumi thought to grab Yuji’s stuffed animal while the three of them were being rushed out of the house.

 

     They turn the corner, and Gojo can feel Sukuna’s hold on his shirt tighten, the poor kid’s probably feeling anxious.  “We’re almost there.”  Gojo was relieved Nanami’s door was three doors down, his arms were starting to get tired.

 

 

     Sukuna doesn’t know how to describe this feeling.  His chest feels tight and a thousand thoughts run through his mind.

Nanami’s ok, Gojo told him that.  But… what if Gojo’s wrong?  What if the last time he ever hears from Nanami is when he yelled at the man?  It’s a thought that leaves Sukuna feeling sick.

 

     When Gojo opens the door to Nanami’s room, Sukuna’s eyes go right to the bed.  The figure laying there looks back at them, giving them a tired smile.  “Hey, boys,” Nanami’s voice is rough and quiet but it still holds its normal warmth.

 

     Gojo puts the boys down.  Yuji reacts immediately, running over to the bed and climbing on top of it before clinging to Nanami.

 

      Nanami looks down at Yuji, returning the hug with the arm that’s currently not in a sling.  “I missed you too.”

 

     Sukuna stays still, staring at Nanami from across the room.  He takes note of the bandages around the man’s head and the ones on his neck that lead all the way down his arm.  Sukuna can’t breathe.  Gojo said he was fine, this wasn’t fine!  Nanami was hurt, he was just doing his job.  He’s a hero who takes down monsters.  Nanami even told them that he had no choice, that he had to go.  And what did Sukuna do?  He yelled at Nanami.  He’s terrible, why couldn’t he just keep it to himself and sulk?  Nanami must hate him.

 

     “Hey, Dumpling, you ok?”

 

      Sukuna snaps back into focus at Nanami’s words.  He shakes his head, he wasn’t ok.  He feels awful, he really is a terrible kid who only makes things harder for Nanami.  “I’m sorry,” the words come out in broken sobs before he sinks to the floor.  “I’m sorry!  I’m sorry!  I’m sorry!  I’m-“

 

     “Hey,” Sukuna’s mantra of apologies is cut off by a strong hand cupping his face.  “It’s alright.”

 

      Sukuna looks up to find Nanami, who’d forced himself out of bed to comfort him.  Sukuna suddenly feels worse, now he’s made Nanami push himself.  “I’m sorry!”

 

     “Stop that,” Nanami brushes away Sukuna’s tears with his thumb.  “There’s nothing to apologize for.  Why are you apologizing?”

 

     But there was, there was something to apologize for.  He’s a rotten kid who constantly gives everyone a hard time no matter how nice they are to him.  Why is he like that?  He wishes he was like Yuji, sweet and kind and always listening to what the people around him had to say.  He should’ve made more of an effort to listen from the beginning instead of making life harder for his parents when they were around.

 

     “Sukuna, baby, breathe.”  Nanami looks at Sukuna, eyes shining with concern.  “You’re alright.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, it wasn’t alright.  Nothing about his life is alright anymore.  The only things right in his life are Yuji and Nanami.  God, why did he yell at the man who was risking his life for their sake?  How could Nanami possibly sit here and comfort him after he did that?  Didn’t Nanami hate him?  “I’m sorry,” it’s all that Sukuna can bring himself to say.

 

     Nanami shushes him, moving his hand to smooth Sukuna’s hair down.  “I said there’s nothing to apologize for.  Why are you apologizing?”

 

     Sukuna looks at Nanami with big, teary eyes.  If Nanami hates him he has a weird way of showing it.  Still, the thought of Nanami hating him made it even harder to breathe.  So, instead of answering Nanami’s question, Sukuna points to Nanami before stuttering out a question of his own.  “H-hate me?”

 

      Sukuna’s words are barely understandable, but Nanami seems to grasp what he’s saying.  His eyebrows furrow in confusion, “hate you?  I don’t hate you!  Dumpling, why would you ever think I’d hate you?”

 

     Sukuna relaxes, breaking down into sobs again.  He tackles Nanami in a hug.

 

     Nanami falls back with a grunt, returning the hug with his only available arm.

 

     “I’m sorry.”

 

      Nanami sighs, resting his head atop Sukuna’s.  “There’s nothing to apologize for.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, why did Nanami keep insisting that?  “I yelled.”

 

     “Last night?”  Nanami moves to card his fingers through Sukuna’s hair, “oh, Dumpling that’s what you’re upset over?”

 

     Sukuna nods, holding Nanami a little tighter as he does.

 

     “Oh, honey, it’s alright.  I’m not mad about that.  I know you didn’t mean it.  You were upset.”

 

     “You’re not?”  Sukuna couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  If he were Nanami he’d be pretty upset.

 

     Nanami places a kiss to the top of Sukuna’s head.  “Of course, I’m not.”

 
Notes:

    Tada! This chapter will probably wrap up this little arc so next chapter should be a different arc. I was trying to figure out a way to wrap up this arc and move onto the next one, especially since I’m looking forward to the next arc.

    Also, I’ve done some art for this AU and am planning to post it on Instagram soon. If that’s something you’re interested in my Instagram is @full.mtl.artist

Chapter 18: You Make It Better
Summary:

    Gojo’s at a loss, what was happening right now? “May I ask what this is about?”

Notes:

    I am back! This chapter took a little longer cuz I went on vacation! Hope everyone is having a great summer so far!

    I’d also like to reiterate that Gojo is 17, Nanami is 16 and the kids are 4

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 



 

   Gojo wakes to a head on his shoulder.  After a few nights of continuous nightmares, Megumi is back to sleeping in Gojo’s room again.

 

      Gojo doesn’t mind, if it means Megumi will sleep better then he’ll happily share his bed.  Besides, it’s kinda nice waking up to find Megumi cuddling him.

 

     Gojo looks over at the clock, 7:30.  He sighs, as much as he’d love to let Megumi catch up on some much-needed rest, they have plans this morning.

 

      “Hey, Gumi,” Gojo nudges him.

 

      Megumi groans, his eyebrows furrowing but not fully waking up.

 

     “Megs, wake up.  Rise and shine, Gremlin!”  He nudges Megumi again.

 

      This time, Megumi’s eyes crack open.  He yawns before pressing himself closer to Gojo.

 

     Gojo can’t stop the warm feeling that blooms in his chest.  He’ll never know what he did to deserve Megumi.  He presses a kiss to the top of Megumi’s head, “morning.”

 

     “Morning,” Megumi brings a hand up to rub his eye.

 

      Gojo sits up and stretches, “alright, let’s get ready to go.”

 

      There’s a pause before Megumi lets out a gasp.  “Why didn’t you wake me up sooner!?  Let’s go, we’re gonna be late!”

 

     Gojo smiles, “I dunno, you don’t seem very excited.  Maybe we should stay home.”

 

      Megumi runs over to Gojo, grabbing the man’s arm and pulling.  “C’mon!  You promised!”

 

     Gojo chuckles, “alright, I’m just playing.  Go get dressed.”

 

      Gojo watches as Megumi races out of the room, a fond smile on his face.  It makes him happy seeing him so excited for something.  He’s glad Megumi’s made some friends.

 

 

     Megumi and Gojo are dressed and out the door in record time.  Megumi walks beside Gojo, practically overflowing with excitement.

 

      In a few minutes, three figures come into view.  Megumi’s eyes light up as he rushes over to them.  “Yuji!  Sukuna!”

 

      Yuji looks over at the sound of his name, giving a hop in excitement before running to meet Megumi.

 

     Megumi tackles Yuji in a hug, causing the two to fall to the ground.

 

     Gojo laughs, “you guys act like you haven’t seen each other in ages!”

 

     Nanami hums, causing Megumi to look at him.  His arm is still in a sling.  Megumi figures that’s the reason he wasn’t carrying the twins, you’re not supposed to pick anything up with a broken collarbone after all.  “I’m glad you all get along.”

 

      The group begins walking.  Megumi is sandwiched between the twins.

 

      “So, where’re we going?”  Gojo’s cheerful tone makes Megumi turn towards him, he was curious about where they were going for breakfast too.

 

      “It’s a bakery called Sakura Sweets.”

 

       “There’s a pretty lady there that helped Yuji when he got lost.”  Sukuna talks as if it’s the most normal explanation ever.

 

      Gojo’s face morphs into a teasing smirk, “oh, a pretty lady?  Did little Yuji find you a girlfriend?”

 

     Nanami huffs, “no, we went shopping and Yuji managed to get lost in the crowd.”

 

     Megumi rolls his eyes as Gojo continues his teasing.  Honestly, sometimes it’s hard to tell who’s the child.

 

 

     Gojo is happy.  Megumi is here, talking and chatting excitedly to people his age, happy is an understatement.

 

      It warms Gojo’s heart to see his kid open up.  Megumi’s pretty quiet most of the time and keeps to himself.   So to see him smile like that, well Gojo thinks he might just cry right here in the bakery.

 

       Gojo doesn’t even fully understand what the kid is talking about, he’s babbling about some animal that Gojo doesn’t even know of.

 

     Gojo sits and watches the boys, sipping his overly sweet coffee as he does.  This is it, the perfect moment…

 

      Then, Gojo’s phone goes off.  He grabs it from his pocket, dread pooling in the pit of his stomach when he sees the name.  Principal Yaga never has good news when he calls.  “I’ll be right back.”

 

     Gojo walks to the other side of the store before answering.  “Yaga, what-“

 

     “Someone’s here to see you.”  The panic and strained tone of his voice did nothing to ease Gojo’s worries.

 

     “Who?”

 

      “She says she’s from the Zenin clan.”

 

 

     Megumi watches as Gojo runs back over to the group, looking frantic.  “Nanami something super important came up.  Can you please look after Megumi?”

 

     Nanami stares at Gojo, a frown adorning his face.  “Yeah, of course.”

 

      “You’re a lifesaver.”  Gojo turns to Megumi, “I’ll be right back, ok?”

 

      Megumi nods, worry starting to form in the pit of his stomach.  Who called?  What was it about and why did it have Gojo so shaken?

 

      Gojo manages to give Megumi a smile before kissing his forehead.  “I love you, Gremlin.”

 

      Megumi watches Gojo run away, dread pooling in the pit of his stomach.  Has Gojo ever told Megumi that he loves him before?  Was something really wrong?

 

      “What was that about?”  Sukuna sounds confused, “Gojo’s pretty weird.”

 

     “I’m sure it’s nothing.  He probably has an assignment due or something.”

 

     That’s right, Megumi forgets that Gojo is still in school.  He’s not an adult like mom or dad, he’s a kid stuck watching another kid.  Megumi suddenly feels bad, it’s not like Gojo asked for any of this.  He’s been getting in the way of Gojo’s life, disrupting the man’s whole way of living since he got here.  Did Gojo not hate him for ruining everything?”

 

     Megumi shakes the idea out of his head.  Gojo doesn’t hate him, he’s sure of it.  Gojo keeps him safe.  He lays with Megumi till he goes to bed and comforts Megumi after he has a bad dream.  Gojo wouldn’t do that if he hated him… right?

 

     Megumi pushes that train of thought to the side, for now, he can always ask Gojo about it later.

 

 

      Gojo uses his teleporting ability as soon as he’s in a place well hidden from the public eye.  He takes a minute to compose himself, if someone from the Zenin clan really is here he needs to at least look somewhat presentable.

 

     Once he’s done he opens the door to Principal Yaga’s office being met with a lady in robes.

 

      The lady reacts immediately, “hello Mr. Gojo.  My name is Hana, I work for the Zenin clan.”  She bows before continuing, “it’s an honor sir, I’ve heard a great deal about you.”

 

      Gojo’s at a loss, what was happening right now?  “May I ask what this is about?”

 

     Hana stands up straight, clearing her throat before she speaks.  “Yes, of course.  My masters believe that you are unfit to care for Megumi Zenin.  They wish to hold a meeting with you by the end of the week to evaluate your status as his caregiver.”

 

      Gojo stops breathing, they want to take Megumi away from him?  Over his dead body.  “With all due respect, Megumi Fushiguro has never associated himself with the Zenin clan, much like his father, Toji Fushiguro.  He was put into my care for that reason.”  He makes an effort to emphasize Megumi’s last name since this lady decided to address Megumi as a Zenin.

 

     “I understand, but he is still of Zenin descent and, therefore, rightfully belongs to the Zenin Clan.  If you do not wish to meet with the clan leaders they will simply take Megumi by force.”

 

     Now, Gojo knows a threat when he hears one, and this lady was threatening him.  He glares at Hana, he’s never wanted to hit anyone so bad in his entire life.  “I suppose I have no choice then.”

 

     “Excellent, we expect you and Megumi at the Zenin household by the end of the week, thank you for your time.”

 

 

     Gojo feels numb as he walks to Nanami’s house.  After Hana left, Principal Yaga calmed Gojo down before discussing ways for him to handle the meeting.  He was tired and it was finally starting to set in, he could lose Megumi .

 

     Gojo shakes his head, no, he wouldn’t let them take Megumi away from him.  He’d rather die than let his kid go to the Zenin Clan.

 

     He’s going to have to explain this to Megumi.  What will he think?  Will he be upset?  Will he even understand?  Megumi’s a bright kid, but how could a four-year-old possibly get a grasp of this situation?

 

     Gojo’s about halfway through his walk when rain starts coming down.  He doesn’t even have the energy to turn his Infinity on.  He lets the rain soak him as he continues walking.  He’s so over today, he just wants to get Megumi and hold his kid close.

 

     That’s right… Megumi is his kid , not the Zenin’s, not Fushiguro’s, his.

 

     In a few minutes, Gojo makes it to Nanami’s house.  He steps up to the door, giving it a soft knock.

 

     A moment passes before the door opens and Gojo is met with a messy head of black hair.  “Gojo!”  Megumi pulls the door all the way back, Gojo notes the comically large sweatshirt he vaguely recognizes to be Nanami’s.  “You missed it!  After breakfast, we walked around the shops and there was this one store filled with animal carvings!  There was this pretty elephant and it had pretty swirls on it and…” Megumi trails off, his excited expression falling as he stares up at Gojo.  “What’s wrong?”

 

     At Megumi’s quiet question, it feels like every emotion he’s felt over the past three hours comes crashing down.  Gojo drops to his knees before grabbing Megumi and holding him tight.

 

     Megumi lets out a noise in surprise before returning the hug.

 

     Tears stream down Gojo’s face.  For the first time in so long, he’s scared.  He’s scared for Megumi, he’s scared of what will happen to him if the Zenin Clan takes him away.

 

     “Gojo?”  Megumi’s voice is muffled by Gojo’s shirt as he speaks, “did I do something wrong?”

 

     Gojo shakes his head, “no, Gremlin.  It’s just been a long day.”

 

     “Oh.”  Megumi pauses before speaking again, “can I ask you something?”

 

     “Of course.”

 

     There’s a beat of silence, then, “you don’t hate me… right?”

 

      What the hell?  Gojo goes rigid before grabbing Megumi by the shoulders and pulling him away to look at him.  “Of course, I don’t hate you!  What ever made you think of that?!”

 

     Megumi shrugs, looking away.  “I dunno, it’s just… you didn’t ask for me to be here.  And you’re really nice to me and I didn’t think you hated me but-“ Megumi’s breath hitches as his bottom lip quivers.  “I messed everything up and you probably didn’t want me here in the first place.”

 

     Gojo’s heart shatters right there.  Even though they were doing better, Megumi still doesn’t value himself.  Gojo can’t even blame Megumi for coming to his conclusion, how could you expect someone to love you when the two people that were supposed to love you unconditionally left?  It leaves Gojo with a sick feeling in his stomach.

 

     “Megumi, Sweetie, listen to me,” Gojo moves his hands to grab the side of Megumi’s face.  “I love you so much.  You hear me?  So much. ”  Gojo brushes Megumi’s hair out of his face before continuing, “and sure, this wasn’t something I had planned and I don’t know what I’m doing, but I wouldn’t trade this for the world.  So please don’t think I hate you just because you made my life different.  You make it so much better.”

 

     Megumi gives Gojo a watery smile before crushing him in a hug.  “You make mine better too.”
Notes:

    Whoop another chapter! This is like the in between chapter that sets up the next arc so it’s not as long as some of the other chapters. It’s about to get real good though I’m excited.

Chapter 19: What About What I Want?
Summary:

    “Then why does it matter,” Megumi’s words crumble into barely understandable sobs. “Don’t they care about what I want?”

Notes:

    Hey! I’m back! I’m not quite sure how this chapter went in this direction, it turned into a lot of Gojo comforting Megumi. I guess I just got real sad when I heard about Techno and wanted to make it better by writing. I hope this chapter makes someone’s day better cuz writing it helped make the last couple days better.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text



 

 

 

 

     Today was the day…

 

      Gojo gets up and makes breakfast like he does every morning, but it‘s different today.  The air is heavy with melancholy.  This could be the last breakfast he has with Megumi.

 

      Gojo shakes the thought out of his head, he wouldn’t let that happen.  He needs to be sure of that, if he doubts himself for a second everything could fall apart.

 

     “Gojo?”

 

      Gojo turns to find Megumi standing in the doorway with one hand rubbing his eye and the other holding his bear.

 

     Gojo gives Megumi a sad smile, “morning, Gremlin.”

 

      Megumi yawns before walking to Gojo, allowing the man to pick him up.

 

     “I thought we could have a big breakfast today, yeah?  I’ll make some pancakes and bacon and even some eggs, sound good?”

 

     Megumi rests his head on Gojo’s shoulder, a frown on his face, “you’re just gonna burn it.”

 

     “Hey, I won’t burn it!  I’ve gotten pretty good at making pancakes!”  Pancakes are Megumi’s favorite, how could he mess them up after making them for breakfast just about every morning?

 

     “It’s the other things I’m worried about.”

 

      Gojo huffs, “I’ll be careful.”

 

      Silence fills the air, it’s stifling.  Now that they’re not talking, the weight of the day is all that remains.

 

     “Gojo?”

 

     “Yes?”  Gojo flips the pancake on the pan over.

 

      “Do we have to go?”  Megumi’s voice is tiny and he holds Gojo tighter as he speaks.

 

      Gojo sighs, “we have no choice.”

 

     “Why does it matter what those people want?  I wanna stay with you.”  Megumi buries his head into Gojo’s shoulder, his voice getting quieter as he speaks.

 

      Gojo shushes him, holding him closer.  “It’s alright Gremlin, it’s going to be fine.  I’m not gonna let them take you from me.”

 

 

     Breakfast is overcooked, but, true to his word, nothing is really burnt.  Gojo nibbles on his food here and there.  He watches Megumi pick at his plate.  For a long time, neither of them speak.

 

     Gojo gnaws at his bottom lip.  “Gremlin, it’s gonna work out.  I promise.  I’m not going to let them take you.”  It was true, they’d have to kill Gojo if they wanted to get anywhere near Megumi.

 

      “Then why does it matter,” Megumi’s words crumble into barely understandable sobs.  “Don’t they care about what I want?”

 

      Gojo’s heart aches, no child should have to be put through this.  He gets up from his seat and goes to Megumi, wrapping the boy in a hug.  “I know.  It’s not fair.”  Gojo smoothes Megumi’s hair before continuing, “you know about the major clans and how much power they hold in the Jujutsu world.”

 

     Megumi nods, holding Gojo tighter.

 

      Gojo takes a breath, “they think it would be better for them to raise you.  Just because you’re a Zenin they think they can do a better job than me.”

 

     Megumi goes quiet, tensing in Gojo’s arms.  “What?”

 

     Gojo’s heart drops to his stomach when Megumi pulls away, an unrecognizable expression on the kid’s face.

 

     “I’m a Zenin?”

 

      Gojo stares at Megumi, had he really not known?  Gojo just assumed he knew when Gojo explained it to Megumi the first time.  God, of course, he didn’t know, why would his father that left the Zenin clan tell him he’s a Zenin?  Gojo feels like an idiot.  “You’re father left the clan but, technically, yes you are.”

 

     Megumi doesn’t say anything, it leaves Gojo feeling nervous.

 

     “Megs, I’m sorry I thought you knew.”  Gojo reaches out for Megumi but stops when the boy shies away.

 

     Megumi sits there, looking anywhere but at Gojo.

 

     Gojo couldn’t believe this, this day couldn’t get any worse.  “Megumi, please.  I didn’t mean to upset you or make things worse.  I was just trying to explain the situation a little better.”

 

     “I’m not a Zenin either!”  Megumi finally looks at Gojo as he yells, tears running down his face.  “Dad left the clan so I will too!”

 

     Gojo sighs, he wishes it was that easy.  A child doesn’t have a say in something like that, but, Gojo can at least let him hope.  “Alright, then we’ll tell them when we get there.”

 

 

     Gojo is frustrated, it’s been five minutes and Megumi’s hair Is still a spiky mess!

 

     “I told you, it’s not going to work.”

 

     “It’s gonna work!”  Gojo huffs, “I’ll make it work!”  He goes through the cabinet, searching through the collection of hair products.  Eventually, he finds what he’s looking for, the hairspray.”

 

     It takes some time, and a lot of effort, but, eventually, Megumi’s hair is nice and neat.  “There!  See what’d I tell ya?”  Gojo turns and puts the hairspray back where it belongs.

 

     When Gojo turns back around he frowns.  Megumi stares at his reflection, face pale.  “You alright, Gremlin?”

 

     Megumi backs up into Gojo before looking at the man with wide eyes, “do I have to have my hair like this?”

 

     Gojo’s eyebrows furrow in concern.  Megumi’s nervous and he’s not sure why.  “No, do you want to just keep your hair like it usually is?”

 

     “Yes, please.”

 

      Gojo stares at Megumi for a moment longer.  At that moment it suddenly occurs to him what has Megumi upset, he looks like his dad.  “Yeah, let’s go wash that hairspray out, yeah?”  Gojo didn’t think something as small as a hairstyle would freak Megumi out like that, at least now he knows to avoid that in the future.

 

 

     “Stay still!”

 

     “How can I stay still when you’re tugging so much!?”  Megumi rolls his sleeves up for what has to be the hundredth time.  “And what is the thing anyway?”

 

     “It’s a kimono.”  Gojo goes to pull Megumi’s sleeves down.

 

     Megumi swats Gojo’s hands away, “and why do I have to wear this thing?”

 

     “The Zenin are old-fashioned, if we want to make a good first impression we have to look our best.  Now quit messing with the sleeves.”

 

     “But they’re long,” Megumi pouts.  “How can you even do anything in these?”

 

     “You’ll get used to it.  If you keep rolling it up it’ll get wrinkled.  I don’t have time to fix it so please quit it.”

 

     “Fine.”

 

     Gojo finally finishes fastening the kimono before taking a step back to admire how cute Megumi looks.  He’s glad it fits, he was worried that it somehow wouldn’t even though he’d gotten it custom-made.

 

     The kimono is a pale blue and the bottom is embellished with a decorative pattern depicting two dogs, one black and one white.  Gojo wanted Megumi’s kimono to represent him in a way and what better way to show that than with his Shikigami?

 

     “Now I shouldn’t have to tell you these aren’t play clothes, right?”

 

     Megumi rolls his eyes, “obviously.”

 

     Gojo sighs, “just try and be careful in it, ok?  It was expensive and I want you to be able to use it a few more times.”  Hopefully, there’ll be some festivals before Megumi grows out of it, but if he has to buy another so be it.

 

     “Yeah yeah,” Megumi walks over to the mirror.  For a moment he just stares.

 

     “Do you like it?”

 

     Megumi nods, a small smile gracing his features.  He rolls the soft fabric between his fingers.  “I’ve never owned anything this nice before.  Thank you.”

 

     It’s something about the way Megumi thanks him.  The kid’s voice is so soft and sincere, it makes Gojo’s heart ache.  He needs to spoil this kid more often.

 

 

     “You remember what I told you?”  Gojo walks alongside Megumi, wearing a kimono of his own.

 

     Megumi sighs, “yeah, I know.”

 

     “This is important, Megumi.  You understand?  Under no circumstances are you to take out your Shikigami.”  It was something Gojo had talked with Principal Yaga about.  If Megumi appeared to have no Cursed Technique, then the Zenin Clan wouldn’t have an interest in him.

 

     “I know, Gojo.  You’ve told me already.”

 

     “Say it back to me.”

 

      Megumi rolls his eyes before speaking, “I won’t summon my Shikiami no matter what.”

 

     “Good, and if someone asks if you’re a Curse User?”

 

     “What’s that?”

 

     Gojo nods, good, seems Megumi understands.  Now all that’s left is to hope this works.

 

     
Notes:

    See, lots of cute little moments between Gojo and Megumi. Obviously we’re about to get into the good stuff but I didn’t want to get into that quite yet. Until next time!

Chapter 20: No Choice
Summary:

    It was weird being called by his last name. No one’s called him Fushiguro since his parents left. The name leaves a tight feeling in his chest. “Just call me Megumi. I’m waiting for Gojo to finish his meeting.”

Notes:

    I’m back babes! Hope everything’s good! I can’t believe there’s 20 chapters of this now! That’s crazy! Thanks to everyone reading and leaving comments it makes me happy others are enjoying my story!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text



 

 

 

 

 

     Megumi thinks the Zenin estate is big.  He’s not sure how anyone can live in a place so big and empty, just being in the house is enough to make him anxious.

 

     He sticks close to Gojo as the man talks with some lady Megumi’s never seen before.

 

     “Right this way, Mr.  Gojo.”

 

      “Thank you, Hana.”  Gojo tugs Megumi in the right direction, giving his hand a light squeeze.

 

     “If you’ll wait in here the clan heads will be there in a moment.”

 

     Gojo bows, “thank you, Hana.”  He then leads Megumi into the room, leaving the lady behind them.

 

      There isn’t much in the room, a couple tables and some mats to sit on but not much else.  It’s just another big, empty room.  Why were there so many rooms?

 

     The door opens again shortly, revealing an older man in a kimono.  “Gojo, sorry to have kept you waiting.  We will join the others shortly.”

 

     Gojo bows, “it’s an honor to meet you sir.”  The greeting sounded a little forced but the man didn’t seem to notice.

 

     The man looks Gojo up an down, a sour look on his face, “likewise.”

 

      Megumi glares at the man, it didn’t take a genius to tell the man was being rude to Gojo.  Megumi didn’t like it, Gojo was being polite so couldn’t the man be polite back?  “You’re rude.”

 

     “Megumi!”  Gojo’s hushed tone was panicked.

 

      The man looks at Megumi, eyes wide.  He regains his composure quickly, clearing his throat.  “Yes, my apologies.  I’m sure neither of us are thrilled about the circumstances are we?  I do wish we were meeting on better terms.”

 

     Gojo nods, “yes, sir, this is not ideal.”

 

      “Yes, well Megumi Zenin here is right.  I shouldn’t have taken my distaste for this meeting out on you.  I apologize.”

 

     “Fushiguro.”

 

      The man turns to Megumi, confusion on his face, “excuse me?”

 

     “My name is Megumi Fushiguro, sir, not Zenin.”

 

      The man hums, “yes, very well.  For the first half of our meeting Megumi Fushiguro does not need to attend.  He’s welcome to stay here and wait or explore the estate grounds.”

 

      Gojo nods, “that sounds great.  I’m sure Megumi would love a chance to relax some before having to deal with all of this.”  He turns to Megumi, his expression serious.  “You remember what I told you?”

 

     Megumi nods.

 

     “Right, don’t forget it.  You must be polite and respectful, ok?”

 

     That wasn’t what Gojo had told him.  He’d told him that, so long as we were here at the Zenin household, Megumi was to pretend like he doesn’t know of Cursed Techniques.  “Jeez I know, how many times do you have to remind me?”  Megumi knew what Gojo was doing, so he played along.

 

     Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair, “I’ll see you soon.”

 

 

      Without Gojo there, the room feels even bigger than before.  It leaves feeling Megumi anxious.  He isn’t sure why this room makes him feel this way, maybe it’s just different from what he’s used to at home.

 

      Megumi decides to leave the room.  They did say he could look around.  Besides, who knows how long Gojo will be in there for.

 

      So, Megumi leaves the room before walking down the hall.  He can feel people watch him as he walks past, some of them even whisper.  He decides right now that he doesn’t like it here.

 

     Megumi turns the corner, being met with two girls about his height.  He notes the two look identical, “are you two twins?”

 

     The girls stare at him, a puzzled look on their faces.  “Yes.”

 

      Megumi’s eyes light up, he’d never even seen twins up until a few weeks ago, now he knows two sets of twins.  “That’s cool!  My friends are twins too!”  Megumi holds his hand out, “I’m Megumi Fushiguro!”

 

     The one with the straight bangs takes his hand, “I’m Maki and that’s my sister, Mai.”

 

     “So, what are you doing here, Fushiguro?”

 

     It was weird being called by his last name.  No one’s called him Fushiguro since his parents left.  The name leaves a tight feeling in his chest.  “Just call me Megumi.  I’m waiting for Gojo to finish his meeting.”

 

     “That’ll take forever!  Those officials can’t do anything quickly!”  Maki grabs Megumi’s hand and drags him through the halls.  “C’mon!  You can hang out with us!”

 

     “Uh, ok!”  Megumi matches his pace with the girls so that he’s sandwiched in between them.  “Where are we going?”

 

     “Just follow us!”

 

      Megumi likes these girls.  They’re friendly unlike everyone else who lives here.  Maybe he found some more friends.  He likes having friends and Gojo says it’s good to have them.

 

     The three continue to walk, eventually making outside to the gardens.  Megumi’s never seen so many plants in one place.  “This place is huge!”

 

     “Yeah, it’s easy to get lost if you’re not careful!  Just stick with us!”  Maki and Mai keep walking.

 

     “So, why did your dad have to meet with the clan head anyway?”  Mai turns to face him, walking backwards as she does.

 

     “Gojo,” Megumi corrects, “and he’s here to prove that I’m not part of the Zenin Clan!”

 

      Mai stares at him, confusion on her face, “Your Gojo is telling them you’re not in the Zenin clan?  Why?”

 

     “Because my dad used to be so they think that I’m one too.”  It was silly, if his dad wasn’t part of the Zenin anymore then why were these people so fascinated with him?

 

     Mai still seems confused but she lets it slide.  “So you’re a Zenin but somehow not?”

 

     Megumi nods, “yes!”  Honestly, it wasn’t that hard.

 

     “So you must know how to use Cursed Techniques!”  Maki’s eyes shine with excitement, as if it was the coolest thing she’d heard.

 

      Remember what Gojo said.   Megumi shakes his head, “what’s that?”

 

     Maki frowns, “Cursed Techniques?  You use them to fight Curses… can you not use them?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head again, “sorry, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

 

     Maki deflates a little, “oh.  So you’re normal like me then!”

 

     “Normal?”  Megumi wasn’t sure what normal was supposed to mean.

 

     Maki nods, “you can’t see Curses or use Cursed Techniques either!”

 

      Megumi nods, “is that a bad thing?”

 

     Maki shakes her head, “I don’t think so, the rest of the clan thinks otherwise.  But don’t worry, I’m gonna prove them wrong!”

 

     Prove them wrong?  Megumi doesn’t understand what that’s supposed to mean.  “How?”

 

     Maki runs ahead of them, standing on the center of the bridge.  “I’m gonna become a Jujutsu Sorcerer even though I can’t use Cursed Energy!  Then they’ll have to see me as something more!”  It was a promise that sounded odd coming from a child, but she is serious.

 

     It’s then that something emerges from the shadows behind Maki.  It’s a big ugly thing with teeth the size of her.  Megumi’s eyes go wide and he yells without thinking, “Maki!  Behind you!”

 

      Maki turns just as the Curse grabs her with one of its giant hands.  She lets out a scream, kicking and clawing at the thing holding her.

 

     Megumi looks at Mai then at Maki.  He has to do something!  But, Gojo told him not to use his Shikigami!  What can he do!?  He can’t just let Maki get hurt!

 

     “Hang on!  I’ll go get help!”  Megumi turns to find another curse in his way.  The monster flicks it’s finger, causing a blast of air to blow past Megumi’s head.

 

     The impact from the gust makes Megumi’s ear ring and he grabs his ear to try and ease the pain.  He doesn’t have a choice, hopefully Gojo can forgive him.

 

     Megumi summons his Demon Dogs, the creatures appear on either end of him.  “Go!”

 

     The dogs run off in different directions, the white one goes after the one holding Maki, going after the arm holding her.

 

     The black dog goes for the other, instantly getting pushed back towards Megumi.  Seems like that one is stronger.

 

     Megumi weights his options, he can run for help and risk the girls getting hurt, or he can hold out long enough for Mai to get help.

 

     Megumi turns to Mai, “I’ll distract them, you go find Gojo!”

 

     “Right!”  Mai runs off when the Black one attacks again, successfully getting away.

 

      Megumi feels better now, Gojo will come and fix everything like he always does.

 

      The black dog skids across the grass and at Megumi’s feet.  Fear and concern fill Megumi and for a moment he forgets what’s happening, his attention solely on his dog.

 

     It’s when the dog stands up and growls at something behind Megumi that brings him back to the present.  He turns around in time to see a massive hand swinging at him.

 

     Megumi flies a few feet before landing in the grass, his head slamming into the ground.  Stars erupt Megumi’s vision and everything hurts.  A grotesque hand encases Megumi, pinning him down with its long claws.

 

     Megumi lets out a sob, he’s going to die.  He should’ve ran.  He worked so hard and his dogs still couldn’t do anything against these things.

 

     There’s one more thing Megumi can try, he never wants to see the thing ever again, but, like it or not it’s still one of his Shikigami.

 

     Megumi makes a hand sign, willing Nue to emerge from the shadows behind the monster trapping him.

 

     Nue makes quick work of the thing, using his sharp claws to tear through the Curse’s flesh.  Once that Curse is gone Nue goes for the one holding Maki.

 

     Megumi shakily gets to his feet, feeling proud of himself.  He did it!  Nue listened to him…

 

     It’s then that Nue finishes off the other curse and decided to go after the next thing it sees, which so happens to be Megumi.

 

      Megumi lets out a yell in surprise, ducking out of the way just in time.  Megumi quickly gets to his feet again and puts his Shikigami away before Nue can do anything else.  So much for that stupid bird listening to him.

 

     Megumi takes a couple breaths before running to Maki, “are you alright?!”

 

     “Yeah,” Maki gets to her feet before she continues, “how come you told me you couldn’t use a Cursed Technique?”

 

     Megumi opens his mouth to answer but is interrupted by another voice.  “I knew it!”

 

      Megumi turns towards the voice just as they grab him by the arm.  “Let me go!”

 

     “You’re coming with me, Megumi Zenin.”

 

      Megumi digs his feet in the ground, pulling the other way.  “No!  I want Gojo!”

 

     “You’re apart of the Zenin clan.  You’re coming with me.”

 

       Megumi screams, he won’t go with this man.  “Let go!”  Megumi claws at the man’s arm.  “Gojo!  GOJO!”

 

     “Let him go!”  Maki runs over to help, but doesn’t get very far when the man pushes her down.

 

      “You insolent little brats!  You’re coming with me whether you like it or not!”  The man tugs hard on Megumi’s arm, an audible pop resonating in Megumi’s ears.

 

      Megumi screams as his shoulder explodes in pain.  He wants to go home, why won’t this man let him go?

 

 

      “Mr.  Gojo, why do you think you’re fit to raise Megumi Zenin?”

 

     Gojo stands before a table of old men.  He takes a breath before speaking, “as you know I am one of the most powerful Jujutsu Sorcerers in the world.  There’s very few places where Megumi would be safer while still being able to learn about Curses at the appropriate age.”

 

     “And has he begun his training?”

 

      Gojo shakes his head, “no.  He’s far too young and has yet to show any signs of being able to wield cursed energy.”

 

      There’s murmuring throughout the crowd for a moment.  “He shows no sign at all?”

 

     Gojo nods, “that’s correct.  He doesn’t seem to have the aptitude for it.”

 

     “A shame, I could’ve sworn I could’ve sensed his Cursed Energy.”

 

      “Everyone has cursed energy, sir.”  That part was true, it was the rest that Gojo was lying about.

 

     “I suppose you’re right.”  There’s a pause before the one in the middle begins talking again.  “And why do you think we as the Zenin Clan are unfit to care for Megumi?”

 

      As Gojo opens his mouth to speak, the door flies open.  Gojo turns towards the sound to find a small girl.

 

      “You brat!  Can’t you see we’re in the middle of something?!”  Gojo ignores the man, this girl seems panicked, she came here for a reason.

 

      Her eyes land on Gojo’s and she takes a step forward.  “Mr. Gojo!  We need help!”

 

      Gojo’s on his feet, walking towards the girl.  “What’s wrong?”

 

      Her lip wobbles before she continues speaking, “these two Curses!  I didn’t want to leave him alone but he told me to find you!”

 

      Gojo has a terrible feeling about this, an uneasy feeling settled in his gut.  “Who?”

 

      “Megumi needs you!”
Notes:

    Ta da! Another chapter! Lets be real we all knew this was gonna end poorly but it’s ok cuz Gojo is coming to save the day!

Chapter 21: Time
Summary:

    Gojo rubs circles into Megumi’s back. He feels like he may cry, can’t the universe give them a break? What did Megumi ever do to deserve this?

Notes:

    I’m back baby! This chapter is pretty long, it actually might be the longest chapter in this story! Also, disclaimer that I have no medical knowledge and did infect just do Google searches as I went so if anything isn’t accurate oh well.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     Gojo follows the girl, blood rushing in his ears.  He should’ve never let Megumi out of his sight.  He should’ve fought to have Megumi stay with him the whole time.

 

      Once they’re close enough, Gojo can hear a scream.  His blood runs cold and he starts to run faster, opting to follow the noise instead of the girl.

 

      “GOJO!”

 

       Gojo runs faster, seeing a few figures up ahead.  A few more steps and Gojo can make out Megumi as he desperately tries to pull free of someone’s grip.

 

       Gojo’s eyes lock onto the back of the man’s head.  Never in his entire life has Gojo been this mad.  He reaches out, grabbing the person’s shoulder.  “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”

 

      The man freezes, looking back and forth between him and Megumi.  “I-“

 

       “Get your hands off my kid.”  Gojo pulled his sunglasses off his face with his free hand.  “Or do I have to make you?”

 

      The man complies, letting go of Megumi’s arm.

 

      Megumi falls back, but he’s quickly on his feet and racing towards Gojo.  “Gojo!”

 

      Gojo kneels down, his arms outstretched.

 

       Megumi leaps into Gojo’s arms.  Holding him tight, sobbing into Gojo’s chest.

 

     Gojo shushes him, holding him just as tight.  He smoothes down Megumi’s hair, earning a flinch from the kid.  Worry weaves its way into Gojo’s chest.  “Megumi.”

 

      Megumi shows no signs of hearing him and Gojo has to restrain himself from pulling Megumi away and looking him over.  “Megumi,” Gojo gives the kid a tap on the shoulder.

 

      Megumi responds, pulling away, and- Christ- now that he’s up close, Gojo can see just how beat up his kid looks.

 

     Poor Megumi is covered in cuts and his hair is matted with lord knows what.  Gojo notes that Megumi’s left arm hangs limply at his side.  He also notices the blood coming from Megumi’s ear.

 

     Suddenly, Gojo’s anger increases tenfold as he scoops Megumi up.  “C’mon Megumi, we’re leaving.”

 

      “You can’t leave!”  The old man grabs Gojo’s shoulder.

 

      Gojo glares at him, he’s never in his whole life wanted to hurt someone more.  “And why the hell not?”

 

     “Because he’s incredible!  We’d heard that he was already able to summon Shikigami but never did we anticipate that he’d have such control over them and adapt to a situation like that!  We assumed another sorcerer was gonna have to step in but he defeated them all on his own!”  The man looked ecstatic and held no remorse for treating his kid that way.  “He’s a fine Jujutsu Sorcerer and his place is here with the Zenin Clan.”

 

     Gojo couldn’t take this anymore, he moved Megumi so that he was sitting on his hip before grabbing the man by the collar.  “So you’re telling me that you set those curses loose on children? ”  Gojo was shaking he was so angry.

 

      “Just some Grade 3 curses, nothing too extensive.  That big one was almost a Grade 2.  I’ve never seen anything like it, that kid is truly a genius!”

 

      Now, Gojo knew Megumi was smart for a four-year-old, hell, he was probably smarter than most of the people Gojo knows.  You’d have to be an idiot not to know that Megumi was far smarter than the average child, but he’s a child.  And these people risked Megumi’s life for the sake of what?  Confirming that he was talented?

 

     Gojo stares at the man, “I don’t care if he’s a genius!  He is a child!  We’re leaving.”

 

      “Oh no you don’t,” Gojo turns to find the Clan heads staring at him.  “We’ve seen that he will grow as a Jujutsu Sorcerer if he stays here with us.”

 

      Megumi hides his face in the crook of Gojo’s neck, holding Gojo’s shirt tight.

 

     Gojo holds Megumi tighter, shielding him from the group of people.  Gojo sees red, he’s had enough of these people and their bullshit.  “How about I just kill all of you right here and wipe the Zenin Clan off the face of the Earth?”

 

      The silence that follows is almost deafening.

 

      After a moment, the one in the middle decides to speak up.  “You wouldn’t dare!”

 

      “Watch me.  I could do it in an instant and none of you would ever be able to lay a hand on me.”  And he will do it if these idiots don’t let him leave.  “Honestly you guys are lucky you’re still here after the shit you just pulled.”

 

     No one says a word, Gojo takes that as his cue to start walking.  “I’ve deemed the Zenin Clan unfit to take care of my kid.  Now if you’ll excuse me, We’ll be going.”

 

 

     Now that Gojo was here, Megumi could relax.  And, god, he was so tired.  He wants to go home.  Everything hurts his ear, his head, his whole body.

 

      Megumi presses himself into Gojo, holding him tight with his uninjured arm.  He flinched back when Gojo’s hand brushes the back of his head, he must’ve hit it hard because it hurt when Gojo touched it.

 

      Megumi thought he heard something, Gojo maybe?  But it was muffled like he was deep underwater.

 

      A moment passes and he hears the noise again, followed by a tap on his shoulder.  Megumi pulls away, he looks at Gojo as the man gives him a once over.

 

      Once Gojo’s satisfied he picks Megumi up before heading towards the exit.

 

      They don’t get very far before the man that was there stops them.

 

     Megumi knows they’re talking, and if he really concentrates, he can make out what they’re saying.  But his head hurts and he couldn’t care less what these people had to say.  He just wants to go home and cuddle up with Gojo while they watch Jurassic Park .  He wants Gojo to run his fingers through his hair and talk to him in that quiet, gentle voice until he goes to sleep.

 

     Megumi hides in the crook of Gojo’s neck before letting out a quiet whine.  He just wants to go home.

 

 

     “A grade two concussion, a fractured rib, a dislocated shoulder, and a ruptured eardrum!”  Shoko paces around the living room as she angrily rattles off Megumi’s list of injuries.  “They’re lucky he wasn’t killed!  Sicking two curses on a child!  What the hell were they thinking!?”

 

     “Shoko, please.”  Gojo places his mug down before standing up.  “Trust me, I’m just as upset as you but please keep it down, Megumi just fell asleep.”

 

      Shoko turns to Gojo, a fury burning in her eyes, “you should be more concerned!  How irresponsible must you be to call me first instead of the hospital!”

 

      Gojo frowns, “I already explained.”

 

       “I’m still a student, Satoru!  I’m not qualified for this sort of thing!”

 

      “I know that you’re a student but I trust you more than any doctor we have.  I didn’t want to risk alerting the Zenin clan, nor did I want to add more stress by having a stranger take care of him.”  Shoko didn’t have to be mean about it, he put thought into calling her.  For starters, Megumi could stay in the comfort of Shoko’s house.  And Shoko let Gojo stay with Megumi while she worked, which eased the poor kid’s nerves.

 

      “Well, maybe you wouldn’t have to worry about the Zenin Clan if you didn’t threaten to wipe them out!”

 

      “I was mad!  I still am!”  Gojo sits there for a moment, glaring at his coffee cup.  He should’ve killed them.  It would make his life a hell of a lot easier right now.  Except for the part that he’d probably be executed…

 

     Actually, maybe it’s a good thing he didn’t kill them.

 

      Shoko sighed, “I could get in serious trouble for giving unsupervised medical attention, you know?”

 

      “You could’ve said no.”  Gojo’s voice came out quiet.

 

     Shoko sits next to him, “when you sounded so panicked over the phone?  I’d have to be a real monster to do that.”

 

     Gojo hums, “thank you.”

 

      Shoko sighs, “don’t thank me yet.  We have to monitor him for the next few days.  If he gets worse we have to take him to the hospital.”

 

      Gojo nods, he understands that.  He knows there is only so much Shoko can do with the equipment she had on hand.  It’s likely that Megumi’s ear, or one of the many cuts they’d had to stitch would get infected, or that his condition would simply not improve and they’d have to go to the hospital.  But at least Gojo has a little more time to figure things out.

 

 

     Shoko warned Gojo that Megumi might get nauseous, but it still didn’t make this any easier.

 

      Gojo was hoping, praying that Megumi would be able to keep the soup down.  But now, as he pushed Megumi’s bangs back, Gojo realizes that it was wishful thinking.

 

      Megumi shakes with exertion, gripping the toilet seat with all his might as he continues to dry heave.

 

      Gojo rubs circles into Megumi’s back.  He feels like he may cry, can’t the universe give them a break?  What did Megumi ever do to deserve this?

 

      “You’re ok.  That’s it.”  Gojo talks louder than he normally would, Megumi can’t really hear him all that well with one working ear after all.  “I’ve got you, Gremlin.  Just breathe.”

 

      After a few moments, Megumi leans back, his body pressed against Gojo’s.

 

      Gojo frowns, looking down at Megumi.  “Feeling better?”  Gojo doubts it with the way the kid’s still shaking.

 

      “What?”  Megumi practically yells, a puzzled frown on his face.

 

     Gojo tries again, a little louder this time.  “Are you feeling better?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head.

 

      Gojo sighs, “alright, well, let’s get you back to bed.”

 

      Gojo carries Megumi back into the room.  He lays Megumi down before sitting on the edge of the bed.  “You want me to stay?”

 

      Megumi stares at him before letting out a frustrated groan.  He rubs at his eyes, fighting tears.

 

      Gojo frowns, “what is it?”

 

      “I can’t hear!”  It’s the only answer Megumi gives, but it’s clear what he means.

 

      “I know, Megs,” Gojo’s heart aches for Megumi.  He hates seeing his kid frustrated to tears, “but Shoko says it’s temporary, it should come back in a few weeks.”  Gojo makes a conscious effort to speak loudly this time around.  “You want me to stay?”

 

      Megumi nods his head, “yes please.”

 

 

     Gojo wakes in a blind panic to screaming, Megumi’s screaming.   He stumbles off the couch before racing to the bedroom, Shoko not far behind.

 

      When he gets there he finds the bed empty.  The covers are thrown in a pile at the foot of the bed and in the corner of the room is Megumi, screaming as if his life were in danger.

 

     “Megumi!”  Gojo takes a step forward, hearing growling as he does so.

 

     Gojo freezes, eyeing the massive dogs right next to him.  It would seem in Megumi’s blind panic he’d summoned his dogs.

 

     Gojo took another step forward, his hand held out in front of the Shikigami.  At this point, he doesn’t care if the damn things bite his hand off.  What matters is that Megumi’s still screaming and needs him.

 

      When the dogs make no effort to move, Gojo walks over to Megumi, kneeling in front of him.  “Megs,” Gojo reaches out for him…

 

     Which apparently was the wrong thing to do.

 

     Megumi jolts back, slamming his head against the wall as he lets out another shriek.

 

     Gojo recoils in shock, “Megumi!  It’s me!  It’s Gojo!”  Gojo’s at a loss, he has no idea what to do.  “Shoko!”

 

     Gojo turns to see the woman standing at the door, eyeing the dogs nervously.

 

     Gojo whistles, effectively getting the dogs’ attention.  “Down!  She’s helping!”

 

     By some miracle, the dogs listen, and Gojo silently thanks whatever higher power that exists.

 

    Shoko’s at his side in an instant, her hand on his shoulder.  “I can’t do anything while he’s like this.  You need to try and calm him down.”

 

      Gojo nods, unsure.  What the hell is he supposed to do?  What can he do when the kid doesn’t seem to know where he is?  “Hey, Gremlin, you’re ok,” he makes sure to talk loudly, praying that Megumi can hear him.

 

      Then, Megumi screams for him .  He screams for Gojo with a voice so full of raw emotion that Gojo can feel the tears well up in his eyes.

 

     “I’m right here!”  Gojo lets out a sob, “God, Megumi!  I’m here!”

 

      “Try slowly getting closer.”  Shoko gave Gojo’s shoulder a reassuring squeeze.  “If he’s looking for you he should be able to sense your Cursed Energy even if he doesn’t know we’re here.”

 

      Gojo nods, that made sense.  Gojo scooted closer, doing his best to make himself known through his Cursed Energy.

 

     Megumi screams his name again and Gojo’s heart shatters.

 

     “I’m right here!  I swear I’m right here!”  Gojo moves a little closer.

 

      Megumi freezes, his whole body tensing.  His lip wobbles before he speaks, “Gojo?”

 

     God, the relief in Megumi’s voice makes Gojo’s chest hurt even more.  “I’m right here.”

 

      Megumi breaks down into hysterical sobs, latching himself onto Gojo.  “I was so scared!”

 

      Gojo holds the back of Megumi’s head carefully.  “I know, you’re ok.  I’ve got you.”

 

     “There was this Curse and it- it-“ Megumi sobs harder, hiding his face in Gojo’s chest.

 

      “There’s no Curses here, nothing’s gonna hurt you.”

 

     “But there was!”  Megumi holds Gojo tighter.

 

     Gojo moves the hand that was behind Megumi’s head, finding his fingers coated in blood.  Gojo curses, he didn’t think anything of the wet spot when he’d put his hand there, seeing as how Megumi’s hair is soaked in sweat.  But it seems that hitting his head on the wall reopened the stitches on the back of his head.

 

     “Shoko,” Gojo moves his hand in her view.

 

      “Ah, shit!  Wait here!”  Shoko runs out of the room with no further explanation.

 

     “What’s wrong?”  Megumi looks up at Gojo, eyes wide.

 

      Gojo smiles, brushing his bangs out of his face.  “Nothing, Gremlin.  You just ripped a couple stitches out.  Not a big deal, Shoko is just gonna stitch ‘em back up again.”

 

     Megumi hums, “mkay.”  He rests his head on Gojo’s shoulder.

 

     Gojo rubs Megumi’s back and does his damnedest to ignore the heat radiating off the kid.  One issue at a time, cut first, then fever.

 

      Shoko returns with her med kit.  She sits on the floor next to Gojo before digging through the bag.  “Alright, Megumi, just like earlier, yeah?  Satoru, get the lights.”

 

     Gojo nods, getting up to flick the lights on, bringing Megumi with him.

 

     Gojo sits back down facing Shoko.

 

      “Alright, you hold onto Satoru as tight as you can, ok?  I’ll be done before you know it.”

 

      Megumi nods before burying his head back into Gojo’s chest, squeezing the man’s torso with all his might.

 

     Gojo holds Megumi still as Shoko works.  There’s a silence that permeates the room.  Gojo can’t take the ringing in his ears, “Shoko.”

 

    Shoko gives Gojo a glare before going back to work.  “I’m working, Satoru.  Don’t distract me!”

 

      “Sorry.”  Gojo sits there, waiting patiently for her to be done.

 

      Once Shoko finishes she reaches in her kid and grabs bandages.  “Alright, I’m just gonna wrap it to help everything stay in place and then you be done!”

 

      Gojo places a gentle kiss to the very top of Megumi’s head.  “You did so good!  You’re so brave!”

 

      Megumi pulls away for Shoko to wrap his head.  He looks tired.  He gnaws on his lip, looking down at the floor.  “I’m sorry,” his voice was quiet and laced with guilt.

 

     Gojo stares at Megumi, completely baffled.  Why the hell was he apologizing?!  “Why are you sorry?”

 

     Megumi’s eyebrows furrow, “sorry, I didn’t- can you say it again?”

 

     “Why are you sorry?”  Gojo speaks louder this time.

 

      “You told me not to use my Shikiami and I did anyway.”  Megumi sniffs, moving a hand to scrub at his eyes.  “I’m sorry, I messed everything up.”

 

      “Oh, Megumi.”  Gojo moves to grab the kid's hands, “it’s not your fault.  There was nothing you could do.  You protected yourself and I’m so proud of you for doing that.  Please don’t ever feel bad for sticking up for yourself.”

 

     Megumi nods, “ok, well then I’m sorry for ruining my outfit.”

 

      Gojo sits back, surprised.  His outfit?  It seemed like such a ridiculous thing to apologize for.  “You don’t have to apologize for that.  It’s not like you had any control over that.”

 

      “But,” Megumi pauses frowning.  “You got it for me.  It was nice and soft, I’ve never owned anything like that before and now it’s ruined.”

 

      Gojo smiles, then he laughs.  “Megumi it’s ok!  I’ll get you another one, Hell I’ll buy you a hundred if it makes you happy!”

 

      “All done!”  Shoko sits back, letting out a sigh before digging through her kit again.  “You felt warm, do you feel alright?”

 

      Megumi nods, “I guess.”

 

     “Let’s take your temperature, just in case.”  Shoko then takes his temperature, a frown on her face as she reads the number, “99.9 degrees.”

 

     Gojo frowns, he was hoping he’d have a little more time to come up with a concrete plan.  “What’s the plan?”

 

      Shoko sighs, “it’s too late to take him to the hospital now.  The only thing we can do is monitor him and hope his fever comes down by the morning.”

 

     “And if it doesn’t?”

 

      “Then you better pray we don’t run into the Zenin Clan.”
Notes:

    Wooo another chapter done! Never a dull moment with these guys! See you soon!

Chapter 22: A Little Bit In Every Room
Summary:

    Gojo turns away from Shoko, a sour expression on his face. His shoulders are wound taut, “I have to be,” his voice shakes, and for a second Shoko thinks he may cry. “I can’t just keep screwing everything up and letting him suffer because of it! I can’t just keep failing him, Shoko.”

Notes:

    I’m back! Sorry if Shoko seems a bit ooc. I haven’t read the manga but I really want to include more characters that Gojo and Nanami know (plus Shoko is just cool). She’s not in the Anime a lot but I think I wrote her pretty well considering!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

 

 


      Gojo wakes the next morning with Megumi pressed to his side.  If anything the poor kid feels warmer than he had last night.

 

       Gojo inwardly curses.  He’d expected this, but he was still hopeful.  He’s worried.  He’s worried for Megumi.  He’s worried about his injuries and about Megumi’s fever.  He’s worried about what he’s going to do about the Zenin Clan.

 

      He needs to figure something out.  For now, though, Megumi can sleep a little longer.

 

 

     Megumi feels awful.   His head feels like it’s been stuffed with cotton and his whole body just hurts.

 

      Megumi pushes himself further into Gojo, he wants to go back to sleep.

 

      Gojo smooths Megumi’s hair back before speaking softly.  His words are too soft, and all that Megumi can hear is incoherent noise.

 

      Megumi hums, “what?”

 

       “Good morning.  How are you feeling?”

 

       Megumi shakes his head, “awful.”  There’s a tremor in his voice, and for some reason, he feels like crying.

 

      Gojo holds him a little tighter, “I know.  Your fever doesn’t seem like it’s gone down either.”

 

       Megumi could tell that much, he was uncomfortably hot and cold at the same time.  “Figures.”

 

      Gojo laughs, it’s wet and for a moment Megumi thinks the man might be crying.  “Well, when Shoko wakes up we’re probably going to have to go to the hospital.”

 

      The hospital?  Megumi didn’t want that.  It was cold in there,

And the sterile smell made his nose burn.  There were too many people he didn’t know getting up in his face and they make Gojo leave.  He didn’t want Gojo to have to go while the doctors worked.

 

     “Hey, it’s alright.  We’re gonna figure it out, yeah?”  Gojo tucks Megumi’s hair behind his ear.

 

       “But,” Megumi’s voice shakes, “they’re gonna make you leave again.”

 

      “I’m going to do everything I can to make sure that doesn’t happen.”

 

 

     Gojo slams his hand on the counter, anger in his eyes.  “Listen, lady, I need to be in there while they work!  He’s scared!  This is ridiculous!”

 

      Shoko holds Megumi while Gojo argues with the lady at the reception desk.  It seems like they’re getting nowhere.

 

      Megumi holds tight onto her.  She’s only met Megumi a few times before this, but she has to admit she’s grown rather fond of the kid.

 

      “Ms. Shoko?”  His voice is quiet, hesitant.  He’s always called her by her first name.  She didn’t mind, Gojo introduced her as Shoko so it’s not like the kid knew better.  Besides, it was rather cute coming from that little voice of his.

 

      “Yes, dear?”

 

       “Can’t we go back to your place?  It’s scary.”  Megumi presses his face into the crook of her neck.

 

       Shoko holds the kid tighter, she feels this urge to protect him, to shield him from all the bad things happening.  Is this how Gojo felt all the time?  Shoko suddenly has a little more respect for the man.  “I’m sorry, I wish we could.  But you’re sick and I don’t have anything at my house that’ll help.”

 

       “Please, miss.”  Gojo hangs his head, sounding utterly exhausted.  “He’s hurt and scared and he can barely hear what’s going on.  He needs me with him.  You can understand that, right?”

 

      The woman hesitates for a moment, her eyes flick between Gojo and the miserable kid in Shoko's arms.  “I’ll see what I can do.  Why don’t you three sit and wait while we get a room ready.”

 

       Gojo visibly relaxes, “thank you.”

 

       The three go over to the chairs in the lobby.  They’re plastic and uncomfortable, they don’t even have armrests.  Shoko almost suggests that they wait in the long-term lobby.  The chairs there were much more comfortable.  But, before she can say anything Megumi lays down across their laps, grabbing Gojo’s large hand tightly in both of his.  Suddenly, she doesn’t have the heart to suggest moving.

 

      Shoko looks to Gojo.  The man looks down at Megumi as he runs a hand through the kid’s hair.  His expression is soft, gentle, and filled with fondness but behind his eyes is sadness.  He’s gentle in his movements too, everything Gojo is doing is so paternal and out of character that she almost doesn’t recognize him.

 

      ‘ You should be more concerned!  How irresponsible must you be to call me first instead of the hospital! ’ Had she really told him he didn’t care?  That he was irresponsible?  Suddenly she feels guilty.  Sure Gojo was reckless, and childish and wasn’t the most responsible, but it was clear that he loves this child with all of his being and would do everything in his power to keep Megumi safe.  “I’m sorry for saying you didn’t care.”

 

       Gojo startles, turning to Shoko with a confused frown.  “You don’t have to apologize.  If I would’ve stopped to think I would’ve brought him here from the start.”

 

      Shoko shakes her head, “but you were thinking. ”  Shoko puts a hand on his shoulder, giving it a reassuring squeeze, “you’re doing the best you can.  You’re still a kid , Gojo.  You can’t be so hard on yourself.”

 

       Gojo turns away from Shoko, a sour expression on his face.  His shoulders are wound taut, “I have to be,” his voice shakes, and for a second Shoko thinks he may cry.  “I can’t just keep screwing everything up and letting him suffer because of it!  I can’t just keep failing him, Shoko.”

 

      Shoko stares at him, a little surprised.  Gojo’s always had an immense amount of pressure put on him.  It’s easy to forget that with Gojo’s carefree and childish behavior.  But behind that overbearing personality, is the perfectionist that they molded him to be.  And it’s that need to do everything perfectly is what’s suffocating Gojo.  It has been for a long time.

 

 

      “Gojo?”  Gojo looks up to see a nurse, her mouth stretched into a worried frown.  “Dr. Harris will see you now.”

 

      Gojo nods, nudging Megumi gently.  “C’mon, Gremlin, time to go.”

 

      Megumi sits up, rubbing his eyes.  He’s pale, but his face is still flushed with fever.  Gojo has a horrible feeling that his fever’s only gotten worse since they’ve been here.

 

      Megumi reaches for Gojo from his spot on Shoko’s lap.

 

       Gojo picks him up without a word before the three go to follow the nurse.

 

      “The doctor’s been informed of the situation, she asks that only one of you be present while she’s working.”

 

      Shoko puts a hand on Gojo’s shoulder.  “I’ll wait in the lobby.  Come get me when she’s done?”

 

      Gojo nods, “yeah.  Of course.”

 

      Shoko moves her hand to rest on Megumi’s face.  She pinches his cheek, “be brave, little man!”

 

      Megumi smiles, leaning into the touch.  “Bye, Ms. Shoko.”

 

      “Bye, Sweetie.”  Shoko then walks back to where from they came.

 

       Once they continue walking the nurse speaks again.  “What an adorable family.  It’s not too often you see such responsible young adults.  You three seem very happy.”

 

     Gojo laughs, thank goodness Shoko wasn’t here or she’d make fun of him to no end.  “Oh, no she’s just a close friend.  It’s just me and Megumi.”

 

       The nurse glances at them, Gojo can see the confusion in her eyes.  “Ah, my mistake.  Right this way.”

 

     They don’t say anything after that.  Gojo looks down at Megumi an awful feeling settling in his gut.  The woman meant nothing by the look but it bothered Gojo.  It wasn’t her fault, their situation was odd.  Here he was, looking far too young to have a kid, with his four-year-old kid that wasn’t actually his.  They looked nothing alike, what was going through this woman’s head right now?  Was she disgusted that someone so young has a kid?  Maybe she was wondering what his mom looked like since they looked nothing alike.  Or maybe she pitied him, having to raise a kid on his own was certainly not easy.

 

     He suddenly feels the urge to explain himself.  To tell this stranger that it was his choice to take Megumi in.  That Megumi was in fact a spitting image of his parents because Gojo wasn’t actually his father.  That she shouldn’t feel bad because it was Gojo’s decision to take Megumi in after his parents left, and it was the only good decision Gojo’s ever made in his entire life.

 

     “Here we are,” The Nurse holds the door open with that same look in her eyes.

 

       “Thank you,” Gojo’s words are strained as he walks in the door.

 

      A woman a little older than him turns to look at them, her eyes are warm.  “Hello, you must be Gojo and Megumi.”

 

       Gojo nods, “thank you for being so understanding.”

 

       Dr. Harris waves a hand, “please, it’s ridiculous that you had to fight them on it.  A child should not be alone in a hospital.”  She turns to type something down on her computer, “I remember the last time he’d come in.  Poor thing can’t catch a break, can he?”

 

      Gojo shakes his head, “unfortunately.”

 

      “I was told it was an infection this time?”

 

      Gojo nods, “yes ma’am.  Not sure what’s infected though.”

 

      Dr.  Harris hums, “well I’ll get him some antibiotics and get some fluids in him.”  She types away on the computer on the desk, “has he been able to keep anything down?”

 

     Gojo shakes his head, “no, he has a concussion so I’m not sure if that’s a side effect from the infection or that.”

 

      “A concussion!?”  The doctor seems surprised, “my goodness, why didn’t you come in sooner?”

 

      “My friend’s a doctor.  She was there so I was hoping to prevent any unwarranted stress.”  It wasn’t entirely a lie.

 

        Dr. Harris pauses for a moment.  “What did happen?  If you don’t mind me asking?”

 

       Actually, he does mind.  Gojo was hoping the question wouldn’t come up, “couple of curses.”

 

      Dr.  Harris turns around, she looks skeptical but doesn’t push the topic further.  “Alright, set him on the bed.  I’ll see what I can do.”

 

 

      “He’ll have to stay here a few nights so I can monitor his condition and make sure the antibiotics run their course.  I’d rather not put him on any fever reducers if I can help it, but it’s awfully high.  I’ll come back every couple of hours to check it.  If his fever gets any higher I’ll get something for that fever.”

 

      “Thank you, doctor.”  Gojo feels like he can breathe for the first time in a while.

 

     “Yes, next time just bring him to the hospital.  With injuries like these, it’s better he be in the proper facility.”

 

      Gojo nods, it was his fault, really if he hadn’t made a scene he wouldn’t have to worry about the Zenin clan coming to take him.

 

      “Those painkillers should kick in soon, he might feel tired.”

 

      Gojo nods, “thanks again.”

 

       “I’m only doing my job.”  Dr.  Harris then leaves the room leaving Megumi and Gojo alone.

 

     Gojo turns to Megumi, he reaches over to comb through Megumi’s hair.  “How’re you feeling?”

 

      Megumi hums, “fuzzy.”

 

       Gojo supposed that was good, the painkillers must be starting to kick in.  He’s glad the Doctor gave Megumi painkillers, as well as helping his head it should dull the pain of his rib.  Megumi tried not to show that it was bothering him, but Gojo could see the pain in each breath the kid would take.

 

      “That’s good, means the medicine’s doing its job.  You need anything, Gremlin?”

 

     “I want my bear.”  He mumbles, pushing his face into the pillows.

 

      “Your bear?”  Gojo was thinking more of needing water or food, something he could get at the hospital.  Not the white bear that’s sitting at home on Megumi’s bed wearing Gojo’s spare pair of sunglasses.  “I can leave and go get it if you want.”

 

     “No!”  Megumi shoots up out of bed, going to grab Gojo’s arm.  “I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking!  I don’t need it!  Please don’t leave!”  His words were panicked and he was almost in tears.

 

       Gojo eases Megumi back into bed before sitting down on the edge of the bed.  “I’m not going anywhere.  If you really want your bear we can figure something out where I don’t have to leave to get it.”

 

      Megumi holds Gojo’s arm tight.  “Could Ms. Shoko get it?”

 

      Shoko, that’s right!  Gojo was so worried about Megumi he forgot she was waiting in the lobby.  “Good idea!  Is it alright if I go and get her?”

 

      Megumi hesitates, and Gojo can see the reluctance in his eyes even as he says yes.

 

     Gojo sighs, fishing out his phone.  “It’s alright I’ll just call her.”

 

 

      Shoko’s phone goes off.  She gives the screen a glance before picking up.  “Satoru, how’s he doing?”

 

      “He’s fine.  Look I know you’ve already done a lot but can I ask you to do me a favor?”

 

      Jeez, she helps him one time and suddenly he’s asking her for all these favors.  This is why she chooses not to get involved.  “Depends on the favor.”

 

     “It’s more for Megumi.  See, he has this stuffed animal, could you run to my place and get it?”

 

      “A stuffed animal really?”  Of all the things Gojo’s asked her to do this was the most ridiculous.

 

      “I know.  Look, I would get it myself but the kid was in tears at the thought of me leaving the room.  He’s scared, Shoko, and besides me and his Shikigami that dumb bear is the only thing that helps.”

 

       Shoko sighs, he’s surely backed her into a corner.  “Well, we don’t want him summoning his dogs in his condition.  Where’s his room?  I’ll come get your keys.”

 

 

      Shoko felt a little silly going into Gojo’s house just to get a stuffed animal, but she would do anything for that kid.

 

      She opens the front door, the house is dark and empty, and there are toys scattered in front of the tv.  On top of the tv is a VHS copy of Jurassic Park.

 

       She looks around the room.  Where did Gojo say the bear was?   She couldn’t remember.  She’ll just have to check every room.

 

       She begins her search, poking her head in every room.  In each room, there’s a little bit of the boys left behind.

 

      Their toothbrushes are in a cup on the sink in the bathroom.  She can picture the two standing side by side as they get ready to go to bed.

 

     The kitchen (which Shoko has to ask Gojo why it’s completely destroyed) has two mugs on the counter.  One mug is plain blue, no doubt Gojo’s.  The other is covered in all kinds of sea creatures.  She can picture the two boys sitting, Megumi sipping his drink as he listens to Gojo babble.

 

     At the foot of Gojo’s bed are two pairs of slippers.  One pair is tiny and the front look like fluffy dogs.  The slippers don’t match, one dog is white while the other is black.  Megumi must spend a lot of nights in Gojo’s room.

 

      The last room is Megumi’s.  Several different animal toys sit on shelves.  The bed sheets have cute little dinosaurs on them, and at the foot of the bed are another pair of dog slippers, the white and the black dog opposite to the pair in Gojo’s room.  It would seem that Megumi really likes animals.

 

     Lying on the bed, tucked into the covers was the bear.  Shoko laughs when she sees it.  There the white bear sat, adorning one of Gojo’s signature glasses.  The resemblance was uncanny, upon closer inspection, the thing even had blue buttons for eyes.

 

     She picks up the stuffed animal, glasses and all.  There’s no doubt in Shoko’s mind that Megumi likes this stuffed animal because it looks like Gojo.  It’s sweet how much Megumi loves Gojo.

 

     Shoko makes her way out of the house.  These two, she decided, were good for each other.
Notes:

    Megumi was the kid that would come up to you out of the blue and just go “did you know…” and then proceed to tell you the most random animal fact and I will die on that hill.

Chapter 23: I Will Be
Summary:

    Nanami nods, it’s extremely worrying. “We’ll worry about that later. For now, we should focus on helping Megumi recover.”

    Leiri lets out a scoff, “I’m not worried about Megumi. The kid’s resilient as hell.” She pauses, looking down at the white haired man asleep sadly, “I’m a little worried about him though.”

    That was a surprise to Nanami. Leiri worried about Gojo? “About Gojo?”

Notes:

    So not a whole lot happens, just a lot of like talking but I was trying to wrap up this little arc thing a bit.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

     Shoko walks into Megumi’s hospital room.  Gojo’s laying with Megumi, one hand runs through Megumi’s hair, the other holds his phone.

 

       Shoko can hear the muffled yelling of whoever’s on the phone.

 

       “I know!  I know!”  Gojo holds the phone an inch from his face.  “I didn’t call you for you to yell at me!  I thought Megumi would like it if the boys came to see him!”

 

      Shoko shakes her head, seems like Gojo told Nanami what happened.  She walks toward the two, placing the bear next to Megumi’s sleeping form.

 

       Gojo hangs up, sighing before turning to Shoko.  “Thank you.”

 

     “Of course,” she pauses, looking at Megumi.  “He looks tired”

 

       Gojo looks down at Megumi, his frustration melting away.  “Yeah, he hasn’t been sleeping well lately.”

 

      Shoko frowns, “he hasn’t?”

 

      Gojo shakes his head, “no.  There’s been a lot going on.  He keeps having nightmares.”

 

     “Nightmares?  Any idea what they're about?”

 

     “No idea, he won’t tell me.”

 

      Shoko hums, letting silence fall between them.

 

      “I think they’re about Fushiguro.”  Gojo’s voice is quiet, Shoko almost didn’t hear him.

 

      The confession leaves an unsettling feeling in Shoko’s stomach.  “His father?”

 

      Gojo nods, biting his lip.  “I’ve been too afraid to ask.”

 

      “Why?”  Shoko doesn’t understand, wouldn’t it be better to know?

 

      “Cuz then it would feel real.”  Gojo’s voice shakes, “it would mean it was more than Fushiguro making Megumi train at a young age.”  A sob makes its way past Gojo’s lips before he continues, “It would mean everything I’ve been worrying about.  Everything I’ve been scared of would be true.”

 

     Shoko moves to sit on the very edge of the bed, placing her hand on Gojo’s arm.  This was news to her, and the implications of what Gojo was saying left her feeling sick.  “He’ll be ok.  He’s strong.”

 

      Gojo laughs, but there’s no real happiness behind it.  “Tough as nails.”

 

     Shoko nods, rubbing circles into Gojo’s arm, “you both are.”

 

 

     It’s been a terrible morning.

 

     Nanami rubs his eyes, willing his vision to stop swimming.  Yuji woke up in the middle of the night and he spent the rest of the night trying to get the poor kid to go back to sleep.

 

     At least he’s asleep now, take it it’s now seven in the morning.

 

     The thought of going to sleep himself sounded tempting, but Sukuna would wake up soon and he needed to make the kid breakfast.

 

      Nanami takes a swig of coffee before going back to reading the muffin recipe.

 

      He throws the ingredients in the bowl.  The idea is to have muffins left over in case another morning like this happens again.  That way, the kids can just go in the pantry and grab a muffin while he sleeps.

 

     It’s then that Nanami’s phone rings, he answers after seeing the name.  “Gojo?  You’re up early.”

 

      “Are you kidding?  Megumi wakes up at 6:00.  I rarely sleep in anymore.”

 

     Nanami frowns, Gojo sounds upset.  “What’s wrong.”

 

      Gojo sighs, “Megumi’s in the hospital.”

 

     “What!?  What happened!?”  Nanami nearly knocks the bowl over.  “Is he sick again?”

 

      “No, I almost wish it was.”

 

      Nanami didn’t like the sound of that, whatever it was must be serious.  “What is it then?”

 

      “He’s hurt.”

 

     “Hurt how?  Dammit, Gojo don’t be so vague!”

 

      “It was the damn Zenin,”  Gojo says the statement with such venom that Nanami almost doesn’t recognize his voice.

 

     “The Zenin?  What are you talking about?”

 

      Gojo then begins to explain.  He talks about how the Zenin clan didn’t believe that Gojo was fit to care for Megumi.  He talks about how they had them both go to the estate but only let Gojo in the meeting to split them up.  The tells Nanami about how the Zenin attacked Megumi, that they let curses loose to force Megumi to use his Shikigami.

 

     “What!?”  Nanami couldn’t believe this, the whole situation sounded insane.  “You threatened the Zenin Clan!?”

 

      “I was upset!”

 

      “You threatened one of the major clans!  Do you have any idea what you’ve done!?”

 

     “I know-“

 

      “No, you don’t!  You put yourself and Megumi in danger!  You can’t get hurt but what about Megumi!?  It wouldn’t be hard to get to you through him!”

 

     “I know!  I know!  I didn’t call you for you to yell at me!  I thought Megumi would like it if the boys came to see him!”  And just like that Gojo hangs up.

 

     “Something’s wrong with Megumi?”

 

     Nanami whips his head around to find Sukuna, eyes wide and full of concern.

 

     Nanami sighs, “sorry, Dumpling did I wake you?”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head before walking over.  “Was that Gojo?”

 

      “Yeah, he’s in the hospital with Megumi.”

 

     “What happened?”  Sukuna hoists himself onto a stool before resting his head on his hand.

 

     “He got hurt, he’s ok though.”  It wasn’t exactly what happened, but he didn’t think Sukuna would grasp the concept if he truly explained.

 

     Sukuna sighs, “that’s good.”

 

     Nanami nods, turning to grab a muffin tin from the cabinet.  “I was thinking we could go see him after breakfast.  I’m sure he’d like to see you guys.”

 

     Sukuna nods, “sure.  That sounds nice.”

 

 

     Yuji wakes up feeling weird.  He’s tired and his chest feels tight.  He’s not sure what’s wrong, maybe Nanami can help.

 

     Yuji rolls out of bed, he’s alone.  The room is empty.  He holds his tiger close to his chest, he hates this.  He hates being alone.  He wants someone with him, to keep him company and make his heart stop beating so fast.  He wants someone who can talk to him and fill the silence that drives him crazy.

 

     Yuji walks out of the room, his breathing fast.  The sooner he finds Nanami the sooner he’ll stop feeling so scared.

 

     Yuji walks into the living room finding it empty.  Usually, Sukuna sits in here and waits for him to wake up so they can have breakfast together.  If he’s not here where is he?  He hopes he’s alright.

 

      Yuji continues towards the kitchen, his whole body tense.  It’s silly, but he has this horrible feeling that something bad happened like when he’d walk into the room he’d find some horrid monster instead of his family.

 

     When he walks into the kitchen he’s not met with any monster, just Nanami and Sukuna.  Yuji feels relieved, all the tension leaves his body and he lets out a sob.

 

      The two turn to Yuji in concern.  “Oh Bug,” Nanami walks over before picking Yuji up with his good arm.

 

       Yuji clings to him, burying his head in Nanami’s shirt.  He’s relieved that Nanami can pick him up now, even if he’s not able to hold him for very long and with only one hand for now.

 

     “What’s wrong?”

 

      So much .  So much is wrong.  His entire life has been uprooted and torn apart.  And he’s scared, so scared.  He’s scared that it’s gonna happen again, that he’s going to wake up one morning and find what’s left of his family ripped apart.  He wants to tell Nanami that, to explain what was so wrong, but he can’t.  When he opens his mouth to try to explain, all that comes out is a strangled sound that can’t even be constituted as an actual word.

 

     Nanami shushes him, holding him tighter.  “It’s ok.  It’ll come back with time.  Don’t push yourself.”

 

      Yuji shakes his head.  It seems like his voice is never going to come back at this rate.  How did Nanami expect him to be able to talk again if he didn’t force himself to?

 

     “Sure it will!  When you feel safe enough and when you’re ready to your voice will come back.  We just have to be patient till then.”

 

     But Yuji is ready.  He wants to talk again.  He’s tired of not being able to talk with his big brother.  And tired of seeing Nanami and Sukuna so sad when he tries to talk.  He’s tired of feeling so helpless and scared all the time and not being able to even tell them how he’s feeling.

 

     “Let’s have breakfast and then we’ll go see Megumi.”

 

 

     Getting the boys dressed was difficult.  Now that summer was ending, the fall chill was in the air.  The two didn’t have a whole lot of warmer clothes, Nanami didn’t have enough foresight to get them warmer clothes for when the summer ended.  So, Nanami had to make do with what they have.

 

     So there the boys are in sweatpants and a couple of Nanami’s hoodies.  He makes a mental note to take them shopping sometime soon.

 

       He has to admit, the two look adorable.  The hoodies go down to about halfway down their shins, making them look like dresses more than anything.

 

     They look cute, yes, but also a little ridiculous, the weird looks they got as they walked through the hospital proved that.

 

      It doesn’t take long to find the hospital room.  Nanami gives a knock before going to open the door.

 

      When he opens the door he’s greeted with the sleeping forms of Gojo and Megumi.  He’s surprised to see Shoko sitting on the very edge of the bed, a hand on Gojo’s arm as she reads a book.

 

     Shoko looks up, a surprised look on her face.  “Oh, Nanami!  I wasn’t expecting you here.”

 

     “The same can be said about you.”  Nanami leads the twins into the room.

 

     “Are these the boys?”  She puts her book down before getting up to head towards them.

 

     Nanami nods, “Yuji, Sukuna, this is Ieiri.  She’s a friend of Gojo and me.”

 

     Shoko gives the two a smile, bending down to their level.  “Hello.  I’ve heard so much about you boys.”

 

      Yuji pokes his head out from behind Nanami.

 

      Nanami smiles, placing a hand on Yuji’s head.  “It’s alright.  Go on.”

 

  Yuji walks over to Shoko followed by Sukuna.

 

     “Hello, Ms. Ieiri.  I'm Sukuna and this is my little brother, Yuji.”

 

      “Hello, boys.  Did you come to visit Megumi?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

      “That’s awfully sweet of you boys.  Why don’t we wait for them to wake up?  I’m sure Megumi will be very happy to see his friends.”

 

     Nanami watches the interaction with a smile on his face.  He’s glad that Ieiri was here, the boys definitely needed to get used to interacting with different people.

 

      Yuji and Sukuna wind up

Sitting in the chair in the corner while Nanami places himself on the floor beside the bed.  The hospital room’s become quite crowded.

 

     “How’s he doing?”  Nanami looks to Ieiri, she looks tired.

 

     “Megumi’s fine.  All things considered, he’s lucky he’s not dead.  Pinning two Grade 3 Curses on a child… it makes me sick!”

 

     “Grade 3!?”  Nanami couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  Never in his entire life has he heard of such a thing.  Even with his Shikigami, a four-year-old defeating even one Grade 4 curse sounds impossible, let alone two Grade 3 Curses.  “Why would they think to pin something that strong against a child?”

 

      Ieiri sighs, “to be honest, I’m not sure.  Satoru was telling me the original plan was to convince the Clan Heads that Megumi possessed no ability to wield cursed energy… so to pin two curses against a child who, as far as they know, has no aptitude for fighting curses is odd.”

 

     It was odd.  It was a risky move for the Zenin clan.  If Megumi had been gravely hurt or even killed it would’ve been a disaster on their part.  It was a plan with a lot to lose and not a whole lot to win.  “It doesn’t make sense.  Why risk losing power with a half-baked plan?  If they had been wrong or even if Megumi had died, it would’ve meant them losing a lot, if not all of the power they hold in the Jujutsu world.”

 

     Ieiri nods, “none of it adds up.  I’m worried.”

 

     Nanami nods, it’s extremely worrying.  “We’ll worry about that later.  For now, we should focus on helping Megumi recover.”

 

      Ieiri lets out a scoff, “I’m not worried about Megumi.  The kid’s resilient as hell.”  She pauses, looking down at the white-haired man asleep sadly, “I’m a little worried about him though.”

 

     That was a surprise to Nanami.  Leiri worried about Gojo?  “About Gojo?”

 

     Ieiri nods, “the whole situation seems like it’s put a real strain on him.”

 

     Nanami looks to Gojo, noticing the dark circles under his eyes as he sleeps.  Nanami didn’t really see a big concern, it seemed normal in this situation for Gojo to be taking it hard.  “Of course, he’s taking it hard, Ieiri, his kid is hurt and in the hospital after all.”

 

     Ieiri shakes her head, “I think this strain has been there for a while.”

 

     Nanami frowns, confused.  “What do you mean?”

 

     “Well… you know about Gojo’s… upbringing right?”

 

     Nanami nods, he’s somewhat familiar with the situation.  Gojo possesses the strongest cursed technique in the world, naturally, that would mean that he’d be put on a pretty high pedestal very early in life.

 

     “He was expected to do more, to be more.  He was never just Satoru Gojo, he was Satoru Gojo: World’s Greatest Jujutsu Sorcerer.  I’ve known him for a few years now and it’s easy to forget just how much he’s had to put up with throughout the years.  It’s easy to forget how strict he can be with himself.”

 

      Nanami forgets too sometimes, a lot of the time, actually.  Gojo is just always so carefree and cheerful that it’s easy to forget.  But every now and then something will happen, and Nanami will see the ghost of the Sorcerer they molded Gojo to be.

 

     “I’m worried that with Megumi’s situation being so similar to his that it’s reminding him of his past.  I’m worried it’s putting a strain on him mentally and that it’s making some of those older habits come back.”

 

     Ieiri suddenly has Nanami worried about Gojo.  What she was saying made a lot of sense.  “Gojo will be ok,” Nanami says those words in confidence, he may be struggling now, but Gojo’s strong.  He’ll figure it out like he always does.

 

     Ieiri nods “we’ll just have to do our best to be there for him.”

 

 

     When Megumi wakes up he finds himself surrounded by people.

 

     Two pink-haired boys catch his eye, “Yuji!  Sukuna!”  Megumi sits up, eyes lighting up upon recognizing them.  “What are you doing here!?”

 

     “We came to see you, obviously.”

 

      Megumi frowns, “I’m sorry, what?”  Megumi’s voice is loud.

 

       Sukuna leans back, “why are you yelling?”

 

      “He ruptured his eardrum.  Makes it harder to hear.”  Megumi looks to Shoko, who’d made sure to speak louder than normal for the boy.

 

     Megumi nods, “I hurt my ear.”

 

      “Oh.”

 

     Gojo hums next to Megumi, tightening his hold on him before waking up.  “Morning Gremlin.”

 

     “Gojo!  Gojo, look!”  Megumi points a bandaged hand towards the twins, “it’s Nanami and them!”

 

     Gojo turns to the group before them, “oh Nanami, Yuji, Sukuna.  Hello, I didn’t expect you guys so soon.”

 

      “We’ve been here for a while.  You guys sleep a lot.”  Sukuna rests his head on the bed.

 

      “They wanted to stay till they could talk with Megumi.”  Nanami moves to run a hand through Sukuna’s hair, a smile on his face.

 

     Megumi feels a dip in the bed.  He turns to find Yuji climbing up on the bed.

 

      “Hi,” Megumi makes a conscious effort to not yell, he doesn’t want to disturb the adults after all.

 

      Yuji scoots towards Megumi.  His eyes are wide with concern as he grabs the edge of Megumi’s sleeve.

 

      Megumi follows Yuji’s gaze to the bandages wrapped around his arms.  “I’m alright.”

 

     Yuji shakes his head, his lip wobbling as his eyes well with tears.

 

     Megumi sighs, moving to rest his head on Yuji’s shoulder.  “I promise, Ms. Shoko said I’m gonna be better in no time!”

 

     Yuji doesn’t say anything, doesn’t make any move to try and tell Megumi anything else.  Despite that though, Megumi has this feeling that Yuji wants him to say something, to tell him what happened.  “It was just a couple of Curses.  My Demon Dogs took care of it no problem!”

 

     Yuji’s entire body tenses before he shakes his head again.

 

     Megumi sighs, he’s right.  “You’re right.  I’m not alright, not yet anyway.  But I will be.”
Notes:

    That pretty much wraps up this little arc thing. The reason why the twins weren’t in the last few chapters was because I’m planning for this little arc to have relevance further on and I didn’t want to take away from the importance of it by switching back and forth.

    Anyway I hope you enjoyed, I like reading everyone’s comments saying they love the story so much. To be honest I’d started writing this primarily for myself. There weren’t many multi-chapter stories where Megumi, Yuji and Sukuna were kids in the canon world (it was always like modern day with no curses). So, I took matters into my own hands and wrote the JJK story I was looking for. It actually blows my mind how many people have read this, what started as something I made for myself is now something that so many people have enjoyed and I think that’s amazing!

    I hope everyone is having an amazing day! Bye!

Chapter 24: Not Fair
Summary:

    Megumi shakes his head, how come Gojo has to deal with everything by himself? That doesn’t seem fair. He reaches out to Gojo only to stop halfway. Megumi reminds himself that Gojo doesn’t want to be touched right now.

Notes:

    Ah ok, this is really cute,

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 



     Nanami thinks Yuji is excited.  It isn’t often the kid is all smiles, it brings a smile to his face.

     Yuji runs over with another paper in hand.

      “Whatcha got there?”  Nanami takes the drawing from Yuji, revealing another drawing of another orange blob.  Nanami smiles, a warm feeling blooming in his chest.  “Another pumpkin!?  You’re such an amazing artist!”  

      Yuji giggles as Nanami scoops him up into a hug.

      Nanami places a kiss on Yuji’s cheek before speaking, “I’ll go hang it up with the others.”  Nanami goes over to the fridge, sticking it there with the five others he’d done this morning.  “There!  It looks great there, don’t you think?”

      Yuji nods before running back to his spot next to Sukuna, grabbing another piece of paper before going back to coloring.

     Nanami sighs, at this rate they were going to run out of paper.  He looks to Sukuna to find the boy focused on his drawing.  “You’ve been working on that for a while, Dumpling.  How’s it coming along?”

      “Fine,” Sukuna doesn’t even glance in Nanami’s direction.

       Nanami looks to the fridge.  He admires all the drawings of pumpkins, scarecrows, and ghosts Yuji’s done today.  He didn’t think the kid would even like Halloween, given that he’s so nervous when it comes to practically anything.  It’s a pleasant surprise. 

     Nanami decides that when they go shopping for clothes later today they’ll pick up some decorations while they’re out.

 

     Megumi wakes to a terrible pain in his ear, and the loud ringing certainly wasn’t doing him any favors.

      This sucked, it’s been a few days since they’ve been out of the hospital already and his ear doesn’t seem to be improving at all.  “Gojo,” he shakes the man gently.

     Gojo hums, holding Megumi tighter.  He says something, but Megumi doesn’t have a clue as to what he said. 

     “I can’t hear you,” Megumi can barely hear himself yelling with this dreadful ringing let alone Gojo.  “My ear really hurts.”

     Now that got Gojo up, “I’ll get your medicine!”  He quickly leaves the room, to grab the orange-flavored pain medication that the doctor gave them.

      Megumi covers his ears, won’t the ringing just stop?  It’s so loud, he can’t take it!

     after a moment, there are hands on his, gently prying them away from his ears.

     Megumi looks up to see Gojo, a concerned expression on the man’s face.  “Are your ears ringing again?”

     Megumi nods, trying his best to focus on Gojo’s voice.

      “It’ll pass, let’s take your medicine, and then we can go and put the tv on.  The background noise will help.”

      “Ok.”  Megumi waits for Gojo to pour the medicine out before taking it from him.

      After that they leave the room, Megumi following behind Gojo.

     Gojo puts the tv on before heading towards the kitchen, “what’s for breakfast?  Pancakes again?”

     “Yes!”  Megumi runs a few paces to catch up with Gojo.

      When they get to the kitchen Gojo heads towards the fridge.  “You know,” Gojo pauses, opening the fridge to rummage inside it.  “Halloween is coming up.”

     Halloween?  What was Gojo talking about?  “Halloween?”

     “Yeah!  I was thinking we could go Trick or Treating!  It’s our first Halloween, we should make it extra special!”

      Megumi was really confused.  It felt like he should know this, he should know what Gojo’s talking about.  Gojo sure is talking like he thinks Megumi knows what he’s talking about.  

     He should ask, there’s nothing wrong with asking.  But, Gojo expects him to know what this is already, would he be disappointed in him if he asked?  Megumi certainly didn’t want that.

     Gojo turns around, a smile on his face and an armful of ingredients in hand.  When he looks at Megumi, however, that smile goes away, “what’s wrong?”

     Megumi shakes his head, “I don’t understand.”

      “You don’t understand,” Gojo repeats it back slowly, trying to grasp what Megumi was talking about.  “What don’t you understand?”

     “What you were talking about.  I don’t know what it is.”  Megumi’s face is hot with embarrassment, he really should know what this is.

     “You don’t know what Halloween is?”  Gojo sounds surprised.

     Megumi bods his head, biting his lip.  

      Gojo sits there for a moment before giving Megumi the goofiest grin he’s ever seen.  “You’re in for such a treat!  We have so much work to do!”

 

 

      Nanami’s in the middle of making lunch when Sukuna comes over.

      “Here,” Sukuna holds the paper up, refusing to look in Nanami’s direction. 

     Nanami takes the paper.  He’s gotta say, he’s curious about what Sukuna could’ve been working on for almost two hours. 

      Nanami turns the sheet over, revealing the colorful crayon drawing underneath.  It’s a picture of a large man with two smaller figures.  The man has yellow hair and the smaller figures have pink hair.  The drawing is extremely detailed for something a four-year-old drew, no wonder it took him hours.

      Nanami smiles, his chest blooming with warmth.  “Oh Sukuna, it’s amazing!  I love it!”  He scoops the kid up into his arms, spinning him around, “I love you!  I love you boys so much.”

      Sukuna tenses in Nanami’s hold at the confession before melting into the embrace.  He buries his face into Nanami’s shoulder. 

      Nanami frowns when Sukuna mumbles something into his shoulder, “what’s your say, Dumpling?”

     Sukuna lifts his head out from its hiding place, his face bright red.  “I said I love you too!”

 

 

   Gojo wasn’t quite sure what was wrong really.  After Megumi told him he didn’t know what Halloween was Gojo’s mind keeps drifting somewhere he’d rather not revisit.

      He’s been ignoring it mostly, opting to do things he’d been meaning to do around the house anyway.  His mind can’t really wander if he has something to focus on.

      So he tries to focus on the task at hand, which happens to be working on the kitchen.  He’s never been the handiest of people, but if he has to come in this room one more time and find more than half the cabinets off their hinges he’s going to lose it.

      He can’t believe Megumi’s bird managed to do so much damage.  They’re just lucky it hadn’t hurt Megumi too.

      They’re lucky it hadn’t hurt him this time.  A sick little voice in the back of his head reminds Gojo that the bird had hurt Megumi, just not in this instance.  

      And Megumi was hurt all because they made him.  They tried to mold him into something more, into a perfect Jujutsu Sorcerer.

     Megumi’s never really celebrated holidays…

      He never got to play or watch tv or even eat junk food…

     Four years of his childhood have been ripped away and for what?  To make him into a perfect little sorcerer for them to control?  It’s not fair!  They’re people too!  Why didn’t anyone see that?

 

 

     Megumi is worried.  And that is an understatement.  He’s been watching Gojo run around doing all sorts of odd little jobs all day now. 

     It doesn’t seem right, usually, Gojo just does one or two little jobs a day, he doesn’t run around the house doing the amount of stuff he’d do in a week.
 Something is wrong, and Megumi is going to get to the bottom of it.

      Megumi hops off the couch, heading in the direction he last saw Gojo go. 

      When he turns into the kitchen Megumi finds Gojo just standing there, staring at nothing.  

       Megumi frowns, he had a bad feeling, “Gojo?”

      Gojo doesn’t respond, he doesn’t even move to look at Megumi.  Had Gojo not heard him?

      “Gojo?”  Megumi walks towards Gojo, but the man has still not given any indication of hearing him.

     “Gojo,” Megumi reaches out and grabs Gojo’s wrist.

       Gojo starts, pulling his arm away forcefully.

       Megumi falls from the sudden movement, he looks up at Gojo to find the man looking frazzled.  “Gojo?”

      Gojo’s attention turns to Megumi, realization seems to set in and suddenly Gojo looks upset.  “Oh my god, Megumi!  I’m so sorry!  Are you ok?”  

      Megumi nods, “I’m ok.”

      Gojo relaxes a bit, moving to help the kid up.  “I’m sorry, you startled me.”

     Yeah, Megumi had gathered that already.  But something about this didn’t feel right.  “Are you ok?”

     Gojo frowns, “of course I am.  Why are you asking me that when you’re the one who fell?”

      Megumi looks at Gojo, noticing how tense the man seems to be.  His eyes then drift down to Gojo’s wrist finding Gojo holding it tight in his other hand.  Megumi stares at it for a moment, he’s not sure why, but the small action leaves an awful feeling in his gut.  “You’ve been acting weird.”

     “Oh,” Gojo pauses, his wrist still in his hand.  “I didn’t really notice.  Sorry, did I worry you?”

      Megumi frowns, something is wrong, he just knows it.  Why won’t Gojo just tell him?

     “Hey, you alright, Gremlin?”

     Megumi wants to reach out to Gojo.  He wants to hold his hand or give him a hug, that’s what Gojo always does when Megumi’s upset, but touching seems to be a no right now on Gojo’s end.  Megumi isn’t sure what to do. 

      “Megumi,” Megumi looks up to find Gojo looking at him, concern written on his face.  “What’s wrong?”

      Megumi’s lip wobbles.  He doesn’t know what’s wrong, that’s the problem.  “There’s something bothering you.”

      “Hey, I’m fine, you don’t have to worry about me.”

      Megumi shakes his head, how come Gojo has to deal with everything by himself?  That doesn’t seem fair.  He reaches out to Gojo only to stop halfway.  Megumi reminds himself that Gojo doesn’t want to be touched right now.

      Gojo's eyebrows furrow at Megumi retracting his hand.  “Megumi,” Gojo grabs Megumi’s hand, smoothing the back of it with his thumb.  “I’m alright, you’re a kid, you don’t need to worry about me.”

     “That’s not fair!”  Megumi yells, utterly frustrated.  “How come you know about everything bothering me and always help me but I don’t get to help you!?”  Megumi’s eyes burn.  He just wants to be there for Gojo too, why can’t he?  

      “Megumi…”

     “I just want to be there for you,” Megumi’s voice shakes as his grip on Gojo’s hand tightens.

     Gojo pulls Megumi close, wrapping his arms around him.  “Thank you.  You’re very sweet.”

     Megumi melts into the hug, burying his face into Gojo’s shirt.  “I wanna help.”

      “I know you do.  And I appreciate it.  You help so much by being in my life.  It’s just… a little complicated.”  Gojo rests his head on top of Megumi’s.  “It would be difficult to understand and I don’t want to put that on you.  I’m fine I promise.”

     Megumi doesn’t believe that.  He has a feeling there will always be days where something is bothering Gojo, but if he doesn’t want to tell Megumi then it’s ok.  He can still be there for Gojo even if he doesn’t know what’s wrong.  “You don’t have to tell me what’s wrong, but can you at least tell me when something is bothering you?”

       Gojo places a kiss to the top of Megumi’s head, smoothing the kid’s hair down.  “Of course I can.”

 

 

      “We came to get you boys clothes.  We can look at the Halloween costumes after, Yuji.”  This is now the third time Nanami has had to remind him, the kid just keeps tugging him in the direction of the Halloween stuff.

     Yuji huffs, crossing his arms.

      Nanami laughs, “I know bug, but we have to get the important stuff out of the way first before we can go look at anything else.”  He didn’t want a repeat of last time they went shopping, they only have so much time before Sukuna gets overwhelmed by the crowd.

     Speaking of Sukuna, the kid sits in the seat built into the shopping cart, his hands placed over Nanami’s.  Now thinking about it, maybe he should’ve put Yuji in the cart seat, Sukuna wasn’t the one at risk of booking it at any given moment. 

      Nanami heads towards the kid's section, making sure Yuji is following the entire time.

     When they there, they’re met with a sea of colorful clothes.  There were more options than Nanami was expecting, picking stuff out was going to be hard.  “You can look around, let me know if you see anything.  Stay where I can see you understand?”

     Yuji nods before digging through the first rack.

      Nanami turns to Sukuna, “do you want to get out and look too?”

     Sukuna shakes his head, “can I just sit here and you pick stuff out?” 

      “You don’t want to pick anything out?  What if you don’t like it?”

      “I’ll tell you.”  Sukuna fiddles with the strings of his jacket, something tells Nanami he doesn’t like the idea of wandering even a little bit.

     So, Nanami looks through the clothes.  It’s hard to decide on anything when everything looks so cute.  It doesn’t take long for the cart to be filled with things for both boys.

     Neither were too thrilled upon finding out that they have to try on the clothes too.  But they suck it up.  When it’s all said and done, they both have about 10 outfits each, and a few hoodies and pajamas.  

     Now that they’re done, Yuji drags them in the direction of the Halloween section.

      Nanami’s surprised, to say the least, he thought for sure that Sukuna would’ve hit his limit by now.  Maybe, since being in the cart puts distance between him and the strangers around them he doesn’t feel as overwhelmed. 

      Nevertheless, the three made it to the Halloween section of the store.  Yuji hops in excitement, making a beeline for the rack of costumes.

     “Do you know what you want to be, Sukuna?”  Nanami watches Yuji dig through the costumes, a fond smile on his face.

     “A pirate.”

      “Really?  Any reason why?”

     Sukuna shrugs, “Pirates are cool.”

      Nanami chuckles, “can’t argue with that.”  He pushes the cart over to Yuji before speaking to him.  “See anything you like?”

     Yuji shrugs, maybe he doesn’t know what he wants to be.

     “Well, maybe you’d like to be a monster?  Like a vampire or a werewolf?”

      Yuji shakes his head, his nose scrunching in disagreement.

     “Maybe a pirate like Sukuna?  You two could match!”  The idea of them in matching costumes made Nanami’s heart swell.

       Yuji shakes his head again, so much for matching costumes.

      Nanami hums, what else was there to dress up as?  “Oh, what about a superhero?”

      Yuji’s eyes light up as he nods excitedly, seems like they’ve landed on one.

     “Which one?  There’s a bunch of them.”  Nanami thinks that Yuji would make a very cute Spider-Man, or maybe a Batman.

     Nanami expects Yuji to do a pose or maybe an action to tell him what superhero he wants to be.  Instead, he points to Nanami.

     “Me?”

     Yuji nods, moving to rub the back of his neck.

      Nanami’s smile grows, “you want to dress up as me?”

      Yuji nods again. 

       A warm feeling finds its way into the pit of Nanami’s stomach.  It’s sweet that Yuji wants to dress up as him.  Yuji loves him, and looks up to him…

      And Nanami loves him too.
Notes:

    I just know that Yuji would be a complete menace when it comes to Halloween. Also now that I have a few chapters of like ground work I wanted to make it kinda coincide with like real time, so that’s why we’re getting into Halloween stuff! However we’ll see how much I write between now and Christmas Cuz I might not continue doing this if that’s the case. We can’t have the story time jumping too much so we’ll play it by ear. (Consider this a test)

    Anywho hope you enjoyed have a nice day!

Chapter 25: A day In The Pumpkin Patch
Summary:

    Nanami will never admit to dressing his kids up to go to the pumpkin patch. Nanami just happened to dress them both in their black and orange striped shirt and their overalls. They’re absolutely adorable.

Notes:

    Ok so Ik that I said that I wanted it to coincide with real time but I really can’t write fast enough for that so I think I’m going to finish this Halloween thing and then go back to how I was doing it before.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

      Gojo wakes in a blind panic to the sound of screaming.  He jumps out of bed, racing to Megumi’s room.

 

     When he gets there he finds Megumi in bed, holding his bear tight as he screams and cries for Gojo.

 

     Gojo rushes over, sitting down in front of him.  “It’s ok, I’m right here!”  Gojo moves to put his arms around the kid.

 

      Megumi reacts immediately, burying his face into Gojo’s chest as he continues to cry hysterically.

 

      Gojo feels like crying himself.  Hearing his kid so scared and upset physically hurts.  He smoothes Megumi’s hair down, whispering reassurances to him.

 

     Megumi clings to Gojo, he’s shaking and his breaths come out in gasps in between his sobs.

 

     Gojo moves to carry Megumi out of the room.  It’s time for a change in scenery.  He carries him to the living room, turning the tv on for some background noise before continuing to walk around the room.

 

     Gojo rubs Megumi’s back, “you’re ok.  I’ve got you.  Just breathe, focus on me.”

 

     Megumi fists the collar of Gojo’s shirt, shaking his head.

 

     Gojo's heart hurts, he knew he should’ve had Megumi sleep with him.  The kid’s had a rough time of it ever since the attack.  But Megumi insisted he was fine and Gojo wanted to give him his space.

 

      “Sure you can.  Just like we’ve done before ok?”  Gojo tries to sound encouraging.  “Try for me?”

 

      Megumi nods, closing his eyes.

 

      It takes a few minutes, but eventually his breathing evens out and his sobs die down to sniffles.

 

      Gojo feels relieved, he feels better now that Megumi’s not hyperventilating.  “Was it a nightmare?”

 

      Megumi nods, “there were curses…” Megumi tightens his hold on Gojo.  “They were everywhere and I-“ his breath hitches, “I couldn’t-“

 

     Gojo shushes him, holding him tighter, “I know, I know.”  He aches for Megumi, his kid is suffering and he can’t do anything to stop it.  What Gojo wouldn’t do to trade places with him.  “Did you want to try going back to bed?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, pressing himself closer to Gojo.  “I don’t wanna go back there.”

 

     Gojo’s heart shatters, “alright, how about some hot cocoa?”

 

     Megumi tenses before giving a small nod.  “Yes please.”

 

     Gojo walks into the kitchen, placing Megumi on a bar stool before going to heat up some water.

 

       He turns back to Megumi, finding the boy resting his head on the counter, staring at his bear who he’s placed next to him on the counter.

 

     Gojo frowns, the kid looks tired.  He would be too after that rude awakening.  “Megumi.”

 

      Megumi sits up, staring at him intently.

 

     “You know you don’t have to sleep in your room, right?  Most nights you come into my room in the middle of the night anyway.”

 

     Megumi shifts in his seat, looking away from Gojo.  “I don’t wanna bother you.  I need to try and do stuff by myself.  You can’t rely on others too much.”

 

     Gojo frowns, those weren’t the words of a four-year-old.  Those are the words, the lies, fed to him by his parents.  Gojo can tell.  “You’re a kid, Megumi.  You’re my kid.   You’re not supposed to do everything by yourself.  I’m here to help you, I want to help you.  You are not a bother.  I love you so much , do you hear me?  All I want is what’s best for you.”

 

     Megumi looks up at Gojo, eyes wide and lip wobbling.

 

     “Oh, Gremlin,” Gojo’s voice is soft as he goes to embrace the kid.  “What is it?”

 

     “I love you too.”  Megumi buries his head into Gojo’s shoulder, “I wish Mom and dad would’ve left sooner.”

 

     That quiet confession makes Gojo’s chest hurt.  Gojo’s noticed that, especially recently, Megumi’s realized that the way he lived before wasn’t great.  Gojo wasn’t sure whether he was conscious of this realization or not.  Realizing this however was good, no matter how much it hurts now, realizing is the first step to healing.

 

     It took Gojo a long time to realize it for himself.  He didn’t have anyone guiding him like Megumi does, didn’t have someone caring for him in the way a child should.  It wasn’t until he made real friends that cared for him and not for his abilities as a sorcerer that he noticed how he was treated was wrong.

 

      Megumi has that constant in his life.  And Gojo was going to do everything in his power to make his kid feel loved.

 

 

     Yuji wakes to the smell of something sweet.  He wonders what Nanami is making for breakfast.

 

     Yuji rolls out of bed, rubbing his eyes as he heads towards the kitchen.

 

     When Yuji gets there he finds Nanami pouring batter into pans, he looks focused.

 

     Yuji walks over to him, grabbing the hem of Nanami’s shirt.

 

     Nanami turns around, smiling.  “Good morning, Bug!  Did you sleep well?”

 

     Yuji nods, motioning for Nanami to come closer.

 

     Nanami looks confused but bends down to Yuji’s level anyway.

 

     Yuji grabs Nanami’s face before leaning closer and giving the man a kiss on the cheek.

 

     Nanami’s eyes widen in surprise before melting into a fond smile, “what was that for?”

 

      Yuji gives him a big smile before moving to give the man a hug.

 

     Nanami laughs, returning the hug.  “I love you too.”

 

 

     Megumi wakes up on top of Gojo.  The two of them must’ve fallen asleep watching tv.

 

      Gojo hums, shifting slightly, “mornin’, Gremlin.”

 

      “Morning.”

 

      “I figured we’d do something fun today.”

 

      Something fun?  “What is it?”

 

      “Nanami and I figured we’d take you boys pumpkin picking.  But if you’re not up for it we can do it some other time.”

 

      Megumi shakes his head, “no I’m ok.  What’s pumpkin picking?”

 

       Gojo’s eyes open, and he finally moves to sit up.  “I’ll tell you while we make breakfast.  Pancakes again?”

 

     Megumi nods, “honestly, why do you even ask?”

 

      “In case one day I wake up and you’ve decided that you want something different for breakfast.”

 

      “Alright, but I’ll always want pancakes.”  Megumi sits at the counter as Gojo begins making breakfast.

 

     “Noted.  So, Pumpkin Picking!  We’re going out to a farm where you can pick out a pumpkin!”

 

     Megumi’s confused, why would he want a pumpkin?  “What for?”

 

     “Well, when it gets closer to Halloween we can carve it and make a jack-o’lantern!”

 

     Megumi stares at Gojo, must this man always explain by making it harder to understand?  “What’s that?”

 

     “Basically A pumpkin with a face.”

 

      “But why?”  Megumi can't begin to think of a reason why anyone would do this.

 

       “Well, I think it originally was to keep ghosts and spirits away.”

 

       “That’s stupid.  There’s no way that would work.”  Are people that dumb?  Why would a pumpkin keep anything away?

 

     “Well if it made them feel safer I’d say it worked.  But now it’s just for fun.”

 

      Fun, well if Gojo says so, “I guess we can give it a try.”

 

 

    Nanami will never admit to dressing his kids up to go to the pumpkin patch.  Nanami just happened to dress them both in their black and orange striped shirt and their overalls.  They’re absolutely adorable.

 

      Sukuna’s arms cross and a frown finds its way on his face.  “Why are we wearing the same thing?”

 

     “It’ll be easier to spot you boys if one of you gets lost.  And besides, I think you boys look adorable.”

 

     Sukuna makes a noise in protest, “I think we look silly.”

 

     Nanami smiles, moving to ruffle Sukuna’s hair, “I think you boys look rather handsome.”

 

 

     Yuji is excited.  He’s going to pick the biggest pumpkin there!

 

      They’re in line to pay for tickets.  Yuji is practically buzzing with excitement.

 

      “Well someone’s excited!”  Yuji turns toward the familiar voice, his eyes lighting up upon seeing Megumi and Gojo.

 

      Yuji lets out an excited squeak before barreling into Megumi.

 

     Megumi falls to the floor, Yuji following.  He laughs, returning the hug, “hi, Yuji!”

 

      Yuji moves to stand up, Megumi following.  Once they’re both on their feet, Yuji points to his ear a puzzling frown on his face.

 

     “My ear?  It’s ok.  It’s still hard to hear but it’s supposed to come back slowly.  And I have medicine so it doesn’t hurt anymore!”

 

      Yuji smiles, that’s good.  He’s glad Megumi’s doing better.

 

       “You didn’t tell me that Gojo and Megumi were gonna be here.”  Yuji turns to fund Sukuna looking up at Nanami.

 

      “I thought it would be a nice surprise.”  Nanami walks up to the ticket booth before pulling out his wallet.  “Two adults, three children please.”

 

 

      Megumi’s never done anything like this before.  It’s weird.  He thinks it’s stupid and he shouldn’t be having fun, but he is.

 

      As Yuji pulls him through a corn maze with a big smile on his face Megumi feels lighter than he has in days.

 

     Megumi wishes Sukuna would’ve gone in with them, but he’d taken one look at the narrow entrance and refused to go in.  Megumi didn’t really understand why, but if Sukuna wants to wait by the exit with Nanami then that’s ok.

 

     “Boys, slow down!”

 

      Megumi turns his head upon hearing Gojo’s voice.  He frowns when he doesn’t see the man close by like he should be.  “Hey, Yuji, let’s-“ he’s cut off by Yuji pulling him in the direction he wants to go in.

 

     The two turn the corner, stopping dead in their tracks.  There, in the middle of the corn maze, stands a Curse.  Megumi thinks it resembles a crow if that crow had been combined with some hideous creature.

 

     The Curse stares at them with lifeless eyes, tilting its head in a way a bird would.

 

     “Yuji,” Megumi whispers, breathlessly.  He tugs Yuji’s hand before continuing, “when I tell you, run.”

 

      Megumi pulls Yuji out of the way a second later when the Curse snaps its beak at them.  He pulls Yuji in the opposite direction, “run!”

 

     Yuji wastes no time, following Megumi the way they came.

 

     “Gojo,” Megumi screams, turning the corner.

 

      The two run a little further before hitting a dead end.

 

     Megumi looks around for an exit, his heart beating fast in his chest.  It’s not a very strong curse, Megumi can tell, but he’s just so scared .  He can’t get himself to stop shaking.

 

     The Curse turns the corner into view.

 

      Yuji hides his face in Megumi’s shoulder.  As scared as Megumi is, Yuji is probably even more scared.

 

      “It’s ok Yuji, I’ll protect you!”  Megumi moves to make a hand sign, about to summon his dogs when the thing gets split in two.

 

      The Curse falls to the floor revealing Gojo, out of breath.  “Are you boys alright?”

 

     Relief washes over Megumi upon seeing the older man.  “Gojo,” Megumi sobs, moving to wrap his arms tightly around himself.

 

     “Hey,” Gojo move closer to the boys.  “You two are alright, I’m not gonna let anything happen to you boys.”

 

      Megumi nods, he knows that.  He knows that Gojo will protect him at any cost, but Megumi just can’t stop shaking.  He doesn’t know why such a simple curse left him so shaken.

 

      Yuji steps forward, making a slashing motion with his hand.

 

      Gojo smiles, “that’s right.  I’ll defeat anything that stands in our way!”

 

      Yuji lets out a small, wet laugh as Gojo ruffles his hair.

 

      “Let’s make it out of this corn maze then get something to eat.”

 

 

      Sukuna sits next to Nanami, waiting patiently for the others to finish the corn maze.  Yuji seemed a little upset that Sukuna didn’t go with them, but the thought of going in that tight space makes him feel sick.

 

     “You boys seem to be having fun.”  Sukuna looks up to see Nanami looking out at the cornfield, a fond smile on his face.  “I’m glad.”

 

      Sukuna was glad too, it feels like it’s been forever since he’s done something like this.  It makes it feel like things are almost back to normal.

 

      Sukuna’s not sure how much time has passed when he sees the three exit the corn maze.  Sukuna frowns, Yuji’s excitement seems a little dimmer than it had been before they entered.  And Megumi is definitely upset, his face is hidden in Gojo’s sweatshirt as the man carries him.

 

     Nanami seems to pick up on it too, the man tenses next to him before moving to get up.  “What happened?”

 

     “A low-level Curse.  They’re ok, don’t worry, just shaken up.”

 

     Sukuna looks back to Megumi.  The poor kid is trembling in Gojo’s hold.  Worry finds its way into the pit of Sukuna’s stomach, “is Megumi ok?”

 

     Gojo nods, “he’s alright.  It just gave him a scare.”

 

      Sukuna nods, he feels a little bad for not being there for Yuji.  An older brother is supposed to be there for his sibling after all.

 

      “Well,” Gojo pauses, adjusting his glasses, “I say we take a little break from the excitement and get something to eat!”

 

 

     Megumi thinks candy apples are magic.  All his troubles seem to melt away with the sugary goodness.  How has he lived this long without trying one?

 

      The apple’s a little hard to bite and it hurts his teeth a little but it’s just so good he can’t bring himself to care.

 

      Megumi looks around him, Sukuna is talking to Yuji about something, Gojo is talking with Nanami and he’s in the middle of it, just him and his apple.

 

     He doesn’t mind it as much as he used to.  With his parents, he’d always had to fight to get their attention, but here with his new family, Megumi knows that if he wants their attention all he has to do is ask.  He doesn’t feel as alone as he did then.

 

      Megumi hums, he thinks he’s happy.  There’s no nagging weight on his chest, no anxious feeling that he isn’t allowed to be doing something so silly.  There’s only a warm feeling that leaves him with a big smile.

 

     After a few more bites Megumi finishes his apple.  He wishes it had lasted a little longer, it was probably the tastiest thing he’s ever eaten.  He’s almost tempted to ask for another, Gojo did say if he ever wanted something to just ask him.  But Gojo already got him one, asking for another would be selfish.

 

      Megumi looks over to Gojo and his pile of junk food.  He has so many different things that Megumi’s never seen before, he wonders what they taste like.

 

      That weird, wiggly thing looks interesting.  Megumi didn’t know food could look like that.  Then again, up until a few minutes ago he didn’t know that an apple could be on a stick and dipped in some delicious hard coating.

 

     Megumi reaches a hand out to grab a piece, surely Gojo wouldn’t mind.  The idea is short-lived when he quickly hides his hand behind his back as Gojo turns his way.

 

     Megumi’s face heats up In embarrassment.  What was he thinking?  Taking people’s stuff without asking is rude and wrong, he shouldn’t have done that.

 

     “Did you want to try it?”

 

     Megumi looks up to find Gojo smiling at him.  He’s giving Megumi permission to  take something even though Megumi went to grab it without asking?  If he’d tried something like that with his parents they would not have let it slide.  “I’m allowed?”

 

     Gojo frowns, “of course you are!  You wanted to try it, didn’t you?”

 

     Megumi nods, this is weird.  Gojo never fails to do something that confuses Megumi to no end.  “Are you sure?  I didn’t ask.”

 

     “I know, I’m offering.  I don’t mind sharing, Megumi.”  Gojo slides the weird wiggly thing in Megumi’s direction.  “It’s called a Funnel Cake.”

 

     This feels like some sort of test, like if he takes the Funnel Cake then Gojo will be mad at him.  Despite the feeling, Megumi takes a piece anyway.  Gojo wouldn’t do that to him after all.

 

     Megumi takes a bite.  He’s unsure how to describe how it tastes, but it’s delicious, and he likes how it’s crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.

 

      The weird rings look yummy too, he reaches over hesitantly.  He looks up to Gojo for permission.

 

     Gojo slides them closer, “go crazy, Gremlin.  Those are doughnuts.”

 

     Megumi never knew so many tasty things existed.  And Gojo’s just letting him eat whatever he wants.  Megumi thinks that Gojo’s on to something, it feels good to eat without having to worry if it’s healthy or not.

 

      Megumi’s grateful.  He’s grateful for Gojo.  The man’s been nothing but kind to Megumi.  He cares for Megumi and makes him feel loved and Megumi never realized how much he needed it.

 

     Gojo nudges Megumi’s shoulder.  “You doing alright there?”

 

      Megumi nods, “thank you.”

 

      Gojo frowns, confusion written on his face, “for what?”

 

     “For everything.”

 

 

     Nanami’s glad that Yuji’s cheered up some since the corn maze.  Seems like after getting some food he seems to be back to his excited self.  He’s glad, today was supposed to be fun.

 

     Nanami is also extremely relieved that Megumi has cheered up too.  The kid was an absolute mess after that run-in with the curse.  Nanami had to order for all of them while Gojo worked on calming down the kid enough to coax Megumi into eating. Something tells him the Zenin incident from a week ago only made the whole thing worse.

 

     Right now, the five of them are on a hayride.  The kids are all smiles as they drive past the animals.

 

     “Look, Yuji!”  Nanami looks over at Megumi who’s pointing to the pig up ahead.  “It’s a Hampshire Pig!  You can tell by the white stripe around its front legs!”  Megumi’s so excited to drive past all the animals he’s practically glowing.

 

     Nanami thinks it’s cute how much Megumi loves animals.  He wonders if the kid’s Cursed Technique influenced his love for animals or if it’s the other way around.

 

     Nanami enjoys the rest of the ride watching the boys.  It makes him happy to see them so excited for once.

 

     Once the hayride is over the group decides to head toward the pumpkin patch.

 

     “Did you see the bunny pen we passed?!  They were so cute!”  Megumi hops alongside Gojo, eyes sparkling in excitement.  “Did you know that baby rabbits are called kits?!  And girl bunnies are does and boys are bucks like deer!”

 

      “Where do you even learn this stuff?”  Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair, “after we pick a pumpkin we can stop and see the animals, ok?”

 

      Megumi’s smile grows, “we can!?”

 

      “Of course!”

 

     It doesn’t take much longer for the group to arrive at their destination.  There are so many pumpkins, Nanami has a feeling they’re going to be here awhile.

 

     Nanami watches the boys as they run through the patch.  He watches with an amused smile as Sukuna goes around and intently inspects every pumpkin.  Nanami knows he’s enjoying himself he just doesn’t express his emotions like Yuji does.

 

      “‘Na…mi?”  It’s a quiet voice, rough and unsure.

 

      Nanami turns around to find Yuji, a pumpkin the size of him in his arms.  He hums questioningly, his head peeking out from behind the pumpkin.

 

      Nanami’s chest blooms with warmth.  Did Yuji… just say his name?  “Yuji,” Nanami’s face breaks into a smile, “did you say my name?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

      Nanami’s smile grows, “say it again.”

 

      “‘Nami,” it’s barely understandable, the syllables are clumsy and unpracticed but it fills Nanami with pure joy to hear it.

 

     “That’s right!”  Nanami scoops Yuji up, pumpkin and all.  “That’s amazing!”

 

     Yuji giggles as Nanami spins them around.

 

     Nanami can’t express how happy and proud he is.  He was starting to get worried that Yuji’s voice would never come back.

 

     Nanami holds Yuji close, he’s just so happy, he could cry.  It’ll take some time, learning to talk again is going to be quite a challenge, but it’ll all be ok.  His baby found his voice again, and Nanami couldn’t be happier.
Notes:

    It’s finally happening, 25 chapters later! Yuji is finally starting to talk again! I do look stuff up while I’m writing but odds are there are gonna be some inaccuracies about Yuji’s situation so sorry in advance. I will try my best to make it as accurate as I can, but I can only research so much.

     

    Also, I’m having fun writing about Halloween but it takes me awhile to actually write a chapter so if I keep going with the theme and have the story like coincide with the time of the year in real life then the story would move too fast so unfortunately I don’t think I’ll be continuing that. (I hope that made sense) So probably no christmas special quite yet, sorry.

Chapter 26: Trick or Treat!
Summary:

    Megumi is excited. He doesn’t even really know why. A couple of weeks ago he would’ve said this sounded silly but now, dressed in his Dino costume, he’s about to burst he’s so excited.

Notes:

    Sorry this is late but better late than never!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Nanami is in way over his head.  He wanted to surprise the boys tomorrow morning with the house being decorated but he underestimated the amount of work it would take.

 

      He’d asked Gojo to pick up the decorations for him and to not go overboard.  Naturally, Gojo did the exact opposite and bought more decorations than anyone needs.

 

      Now, Nanami is sorting through the plethora of skeletons, bats, witches, and pumpkins.

 

      He wonders what he should put out.  Maybe some bats?  He thinks Yuji would like the hanging ones.

 

      “Nanami?”  The voice is quiet and shaky.

 

     Nanami turns to find Sukuna.  The kid stands in the doorway, eyes filled with tears.  He clutches one of Nanami’s sweatshirts like it’s a lifeline.

 

      Nanami puts the decorations down.  “Hey,” he heads over to Sukuna, kneeling down to meet him.  “What’s wrong?”

 

      “I don’t-“ Sukuna sobs, pressing the sweatshirt closer to him.  “I don’t know.”

 

      “Come here,” Nanami holds his arms out, wrapping them around Sukuna when the kid runs into his arms.

 

       Sukuna sobs, pressing his face into Nanami’s chest.

 

     Nanami holds him close.  He hasn’t seen the kid cry in ages.  Sukuna tends to keep to himself, all those emotions probably built up and led them to where they are now.

 

       The two sit there for a while.  Eventually, Sukuna’s cries die down to sniffs.

 

       Nanami, runs his fingers through Sukuna’s hair, “better?”

 

       Sukuna nods, holding Nanami a little tighter.

 

       Nanami pauses for a minute before pulling away from Sukuna.  “I was going to make it a surprise but maybe you can help me decorate?  We can surprise Yuji.”  Nanami knows there’s little chance of getting Sukuna to go back to bed right now.  Trick or treating tomorrow night is going to ruin his sleep schedule anyway so it doesn’t matter if he stays awake now.

 

     “Decorate?  You’re decorating?”

 

       Nanami smiles, “of course, tomorrow’s Halloween.”

 

      “So we’ll only have everything out for a day?”  Sukuna frowns, “seems silly.”

 

      “Yeah, I didn’t have time to go and buy decorations but better late than never!”  Nanami scoops Sukuna up, “so how about you and me get decorating?”

 

 

     Yuji wakes up to find the room empty.  It’s not much of a surprise, Sukuna’s always had a tendency to wake up before him.  So he gets up and heads out of the room in search of the rest of his family.

 

     When he turns the corner, he finds the living room covered in all sorts of Halloween decorations.  There are bats hanging from the ceiling, pumpkins on the coffee table, and skeletons on the walls!

 

      When did the house turn all Halloween?  Was it decorated yesterday too?

 

      He goes into the kitchen where he finds Nanami.  “‘Nami?”

 

      Nanami turns around with a smile on his face.  “Morning, Bug!  Did you sleep well?”

 

      Yuji opens his mouth to talk again, only no sound comes out.  He lets out a frustrated huff, Nanami says his voice will come back, that it takes time to learn new words and how to speak again, but it doesn’t make it any less annoying.  So, Yuji nods instead.

 

      Nanami ruffles Yuji’s hair, “that’s good.  Thank you for trying to answer, I know it’s frustrating but if you just keep trying I promise eventually you’ll get it.”

 

     Yuji nods, he knows that.  Nanami reminds him every time the kid is frustrated to tears.

 

      “Is your throat feeling any better?”  Nanami moves to put the pans in the oven.

 

      Yuji nods again.  Now that he can at least say one word, his throat has been killing him.  Nanami says it’s because he hasn’t used his voice in so long so he’s straining himself trying to talk.  It always feels a little better in the morning, but by the end of the day, his throat hurts just as bad as it had the previous night.

 

     “That’s good, I’ll make you some tea to have with breakfast.”

 

      “Nami,” Yuji gets a hum in response before continuing.  He opens his mouth to talk, a breathy “hah” is all he can manage.  He straitens, he’s going to get the word out if it’s the last thing he does, “haaaah-oh-“ he’s cut short by a tickle that forms in the back of his throat.  He lets out a cough before opening his mouth to continue.

 

     “Yuji,” Nanami speaks before the kid has a chance.  “You don’t have to push yourself, it’s ok.”

 

     But he wants to.  He’s tired of not being able to properly communicate.  He wants to talk with his brother.  He just knows that Sukuna is sad every time they’re together.  He can see it in his big brother’s eyes every time he doesn’t get an answer from Yuji.  He’s tired of making Sukuna sad.

 

      Nanami sighs, “I know, it’s frustrating, but no one is forcing you to talk right now.  It takes time and we’re not expecting more from you.  You move at your own pace, Yuji.”

 

      Move at his own pace?  But what if he can’t do it?  Won’t they be sad?

 

      Nanami scoops the kid up, “come on, no sour faces!  It’s Halloween after all!”

 

      Yuji lets out a noise in excitement, nodding his head.  He points towards the family room all decorated.

 

      “Oh, the Halloween decorations!  Do you like them?  Sukuna and I wanted to surprise you.”

 

     Yuji’s smile grows, it’s amazing!  He nods his head excitedly.

 

      Nanami smiles, “I’m glad.”

 

 

     “Trick or treat!”  Megumi is suddenly in Gojo’s field of view, a big smile on his face as he tackles the man to the floor.

 

      Gojo grunts as he hits the floor, he wasn’t expecting Megumi to tackle him.

 

     “Like that!?”  Megumi looks at Gojo, excitement radiating off of him.

 

     Gojo smiles, “just like that, only I’d leave out the tackle.”

 

      Megumi giggles, laying his head on Gojo’s chest.  “So people will really just give me candy?”

 

      “Yup.  It’s the best night of the year.”

 

       Megumi jumps up, “let's go!  Let’s put our costumes on!”

 

      “What?  Not right now!  It’s only noon!”

 

      Megumi turns around, “so?  I wanna wear my costume!”

 

      Gojo sighs, “ok, but trick or treating doesn’t start until later tonight.”

 

 

     Nanami looks at his kids, dressed in their Halloween costumes.  His heart could just melt, god they’re so cute.

 

       “Do we have to take pictures?”  Sukuna groans, adjusting his eyepatch.

 

      “Just a few, for me?  I promise it’ll be quick.”

 

      Sukuna huffs, “fine.”

 

       Yuji wraps an arm around Sukuna, a big smile on his face.

 

       Nanami smiles before taking pictures.  True to his word, he only takes a few before taking the kids outside.

 

     There, Megumi and Gojo wait for them.  Megumi wears an adorable dinosaur onesie and Gojo is dressed in a blue button-up and a tan sun hat, along with some of the most obnoxious aviators he’s ever seen.

 

      Megumi’s eyes light up, “trick or treat!”  He holds up his pumpkin bucket, a smile on his face.

 

      “We haven’t started quite yet, Gremlin.”  Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair before turning to Nanami.  “What are you supposed to be, Nanami?”

 

     Nanami adjusts his cape, his face feeling hot with embarrassment.  “Yuji picked it out.  I’m a superhero.”  It wasn’t much of a costume really, just a mask and cape.  “What about you?  What’s with the getup.”

 

      “I’m Allan Grant.”

 

       “Who?”  Nanami was expecting some silly obscure answer, not a random name.

 

     “Ya know, the guy from Jurassic Park. ”

 

      “Oh.”  That made a lot of sense, looking at Megumi’s costume.

 

     Gojo sighs, “well, now that we know what everyone’s costume is, who wants some candy!”

 

 

     Megumi is excited.  He doesn’t even really know why.  A couple of weeks ago he would’ve said this sounded silly but now, dressed in his Dino costume, he’s about to burst he’s so excited.

 

      They had to walk a little to get to a neighborhood but Megumi doesn’t mind.

 

       He looks over to Sukuna and Yuji as they walk.  He can tell what Sukuna is by the eyepatch and clothes but what is Yuji supposed to be?  “Yuji, what’s your costume!”

 

      Yuji beams, playing with the collar of his tan suit, “‘Nami!”

 

     Megumi’s surprised to hear an actual response from Yuji.  Gojo had mentioned that Yuji found his voice again.  It’s a little hard to understand, but Gojo mentioned that would be the case since he hasn’t had as much practice.  Megumi doesn’t mind though, “you’re Nanami?”

 

      Yuji nods, humming as they turn to the first house.

 

      Megumi rings the doorbell, waiting patiently for the door to open.

 

      The door opens to reveal an older lady in cat ears.

 

      “Trick or Treat!”  Megumi and Sukuna speak in sync, while all Yuji can manage is the first syllable.

 

      “Oh look how cute you three are!”  The lady puts a handful of candy in each of their buckets.

 

      Megumi’s eyes widen, she’s giving them that much candy?!  “Thank you!”

 

      “Yeah, thanks, lady!”

 

 

      Yuji is happy, he’s always loved trick or treating and this year is even more special since it’s the first Halloween with his new family.

 

      They’ve gone up to a few houses already, it’s frustrating when they ask what his costume is and all he can manage is Nanami’s name.  Luckily, Sukuna always steps in and explains for him.

 

     Nanami and Gojo walk behind them.  They stay a little further back when they get to the houses but they don’t stray too far.

 

      “Trick or treat!”  Yuji tries to say it with them, he really does, but all he can manage is the very beginning.

 

       “Oh!  Let's see, we have a Dinosaur, a Pirate, and a businessman?”

 

      Close enough.  Yuji holds the bucket up, watching as she puts candy in Megumi’s and Sukuna’s buckets.

 

       She turns to him with a smile on her face, “I don’t think I heard you say trick or treat.  Did you?”

 

       Yuji’s smile falls.  He shakes his head, he tried to say it, but it’s just so hard.

 

       “Well, you have to say trick or treat!”

 

      Megumi steps in, “miss, he can’t talk.”

 

      The lady waves her hand, “sure he can.  You can’t be shy and trick or treat now can you?”

 

      Yuji shies away, his lip wobbles as he shakes his head.  This lady wasn’t very nice.  He turns around and runs to Nanami.

 

      “Nami,” Yuji sobs, burying his face into Nanami’s shirt.

 

       Nanami returns the hug, letting out a noise in surprise. “Yuji?  What’s wrong?”

 

       “That mean old hag wouldn’t give candy to Yuji!”  Sukuna stomps over, he’s fuming.

 

       “What?  Why not?”  Nanami scoops Yuji up, holding the kid tight.

 

      “Cuz he wouldn’t say trick or treat.”  Megumi digs through his bucket, “you can have some of mine.”

 

      “No need, I’ll go up and talk to the lady.”  Gojo storms up to the house.

 

      Only a minute or two has passed when the man comes back, a handful of candy in hand.  “Here you are, Yuji!”

 

      Yuji pokes his head out, giving Gojo a smile.

 

      Gojo plops the candy in Yuji’s bucket before ruffling his hair, earning a giggle in response.  “There, no reason to be sad!  Now let’s get some more candy!”

 

 

      Sukuna’s a little upset if he’s being honest.  Sure, they’re all having fun, but after that mean old bat, Yuji’s taken to sticking close to Nanami.  Sukuna’s heart hurts seeing Yuji insist that Nanami goes up with them to every house.

 

      After a few houses, though Yuji is back to being all smiles.  Even though he’s still sticking close to Nanami it at least makes Sukuna feel better knowing his brother is having fun again.

 

      He’s having fun too.  He’s always liked Halloween, though not as much as Yuji.

 

     They ring the doorbell, a young man opens the door.

 

      “Trick or treat!”

 

       “Wow!  You guys look great!”  The man brings the bow lol down to them, “go ahead and take what you like!”

 

       Sukuna gladly goes over and takes a few pieces of candy.  It’s nice of them man to let them pick.  There’s a lot of candy that Sukuna doesn’t like so he’s glad he gets to choose.

 

     Yuji walks up after Sukuna.  He reaches his hand out cautiously.

 

     “What’s your costume?”

 

       “He’s Nanami.  He’s the guy taking care of us.”  Sukuna chimes in before Yuji can even try to answer.  He doesn’t want Yuji to stress over not being able to answer.

 

     The man just smiles, “well he must be pretty cool then!”

 

      Yuji smiles back, giving the man a nod.

 

      “Well, go on then, little Nanami!  Grab some candy!”

 

 

      Nanami knows it’s time to head back when Yuji asks him to be picked up.

 

      Nanami holds Yuji tight.  All things considered, he thinks it’s been a pretty successful night.  Besides that little hiccup at the beginning, the boys really seemed to have fun.

 

      “Did you have fun?”  Nanami speaks softly in case Yuji is asleep.

 

     Yuji hums, giving Nanami a small nod in response before wrapping his arms around Nanami’s neck.

 

     Nanami smiles, he’s glad.  All he wants is for his two boys to be happy.  And tonight, he’d say they were just that.
Notes:

    Ta da! I tried to write this and get it published as soon as I could so I feel like the ending might be a little rushed but it’s ok. I hope everyone had a happy Halloween!

Chapter 27: Give it Time
Summary:

    Nanami frowns, the doctor had said that it would take a while for Yuji’s voice to come back fully, but he was still hopeful. He was really hoping that once he started talking again the words would come easier, but it’s been two weeks and he know’s Yuji is getting more frustrated everyday at the lack of progress. “I know, Bug. I know it’s frustrating, but we just have to give it time.”

Notes:

    I’m back! Sorry for the long pause, it’s been a little hectic and I got a little stuck writing this so I took a small break.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

      “Alright, what’s my name?”  Nanami asks Yuji, speaking softly.  Recently, they’ve been trying little exercises to get Yuji to try talking again.  That way, even if he doesn’t want to try talking for the rest of the day he at least tried a little bit in the morning.

 

      “Nami!”  The answer comes easy, Nanami always starts with that question, he doesn’t want Yuji to feel discouraged right away.

 

     “Good job, and what’s your name?”

 

      Yuji opens his mouth to talk, but all he’s able to manage is the y sound.  He clears his throat, frowning before trying again, getting the same result.

 

      Nanami smiles, “that’s ok, Bug.  You did good.  Let’s try a different one.”

 

      Yuji nods, a frown on his face as he pushes his tiger closer to his chest.

 

      “Alright, what’s your brother’s name?”  It’s important to Nanami that he’s at least able to properly get his and Sukuna’s attention.  If Yuji ever needs one of them he doesn’t want him to struggle to get their attention.

 

      Yuji straitens some, “Sssssuuuu-“ Yuji gets cut off with a cough.  “Suuuun-“ he cuts off again when his voice cracks.

 

      Nanami smiles, that was better than the last few days.  “Good, that was good, Yuji!”

 

       The frown is back on Yuji’s face, shaking his head.

 

      “Sure it is, look at me Bug,” Nanami cups Yuji’s face, giving him a smile.  “You couldn’t even talk a couple weeks ago.  It takes time, Bug.  You’re not gonna just magically know how to talk again.  I’m not asking you to be able to do it right away, I’m asking you to try.”  He brushes Yuji’s cheek with his thumb, “I know it’s frustrating, and you want to talk but this isn’t something you rush.  We’ll work on it together and it’ll come back with time, ok?”

 

     Yuji nods, giving Nanami a small smile.

 

      “Alright,” Nanami pauses, ruffling Yuji’s hair.  “That’s enough for now, I’ll go make breakfast.”  Nanami stands and turns to go make breakfast.

 

       “Nami?”

 

      Nanami turns at the call of his name, “yes, Bug?”

 

      Yuji opens his mouth to talk, a breathy sound escaping his throat.  He frowns, trying again.  He lets out a frustrated whine when it still doesn’t work.

 

      Nanami frowns, the doctor had said that it would take a while for Yuji’s voice to come back fully, but he was still hopeful.  He was really hoping that once he started talking again the words would come easier, but it’s been two weeks and he knows Yuji is getting more frustrated every day at the lack of progress.  “I know, Bug.  I know it’s frustrating, but we just have to give it time.”

 

 

     Yuji hates this.  He hates it so much.  Nanami says to give it time, but how long is it going to take?  What if he never finds his voice?  What if he’s stuck like this forever?  The thought leaves an anxious feeling in his chest.

 

      Yuji stares at his breakfast, he doesn’t feel very hungry.

 

      He can feel Nanami’s eyes on him, he knows the man is concerned.

 

      “Yuji,” Yuji looks up to Nanami at his name.  “Eat, after breakfast I want to show you boys something.”

 

 

      There was something different about this nightmare that made Megumi completely shut down.

 

      Gojo’s at a loss of what to do, after waking up in a panic at Megumi’s screams he calmed the kid down like he usually does.  But the kid doesn’t talk to him like usual, he just sits in silence, a dazed expression on his face.

 

      Gojo holds Megumi tight.  He’s at a loss of what to do.  He runs his hands through Megumi’s hair.  “Hey, Megs,” Gojo speaks softly.

 

      Megumi presses himself further into Gojo in response.

 

      Gojo sighs, this is new and he’s trying his hardest not to panic.  He gets up off the bed, Megumi in hand.  A change of scenery would probably help, it usually did.

 

       Gojo moves him to the kitchen.  He sets Megumi down on the table before grabbing two mugs from the cabinet.  “Alright, Gremlin.  We’ll have a cup of cocoa, and hopefully, it’ll help.

 

     It doesn’t take long for Gojo to finish making Megumi’s drink.  He places the mug in front of the kid before moving to sit across from him.

 

      Megumi looks at him, he doesn’t seem as out of sorts anymore.  Gojo takes it as a good sign.  “Feel like talking yet?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head before reaching for the mug.

 

      Gojo nods, “that’s ok.  Must’ve been one helluva nightmare.”

 

      Megumi nods, taking a small sip of his cocoa.

 

     The two sit in silence for a while.  Gojo’s worried sick, Megumi’s never had an issue talking before.  Unless he’s in the middle of a panic attack (which he currently isn’t) the kid has no problem talking.  He can’t even begin to wonder how bad his dream could’ve been to make the poor kid unable to talk.

 

       Nanami would know what to do, he’s good at this sort of thing, not Gojo.

 

       Gojo’s not sure how much time’s passed when he hears Megumi’s quiet voice.  “Sorry.”

 

       Gojo snaps his head in Megumi’s direction.  The relief that he feels hearing Megumi’s voice is almost overwhelming.  “Why are you sorry?”

 

     “For scaring you,” Megumi pauses, shrinking in on himself, “I wanted to talk, but I just couldn’t.”

 

      Gojo frowns, his worry quickly coming back.  “Look at me, Gumi.”

 

      Megumi looks up at Gojo, eyes full of tears.

 

     Gojo moves around the table to get to Megumi.  He holds Megumi’s face in his hands, “you’re hurting, you’re struggling with so much right now, Gremlin.”  Gojo brushes a tear away with his thumb, “please never apologize for that.”

 

      Megumi looks up at Gojo, his lip wobbling.  “It was scary.”

 

      “Oh, Megs,” Gojo wraps his arms around Megumi.  “I know.  I can only imagine.”  He wasn’t sure if Megumi was referring to his dream or not being able to talk, but it didn’t really matter.

 

 

      “What are we doing exactly?”  Sukuna doesn’t understand what could possibly be so important.

 

      “Well,” Nanami has his back turned to them as he searches the bookshelf.  “Yuji is having a hard time talking.”

 

      Sukuna knows that already, he doesn’t need to be reminded.  “Yeah, and?”

 

      “Well, I thought that I’d teach you boys a way to talk without talking.”

 

       Sukuna frowns, you can’t talk without talking.  What is Nanami talking about?  “What?”

 

     “Sign Language.  I didn’t want to introduce it at first, I thought it would over complicate things.  But, seeing how Yuji is getting frustrated, maybe learning a little would help.”

 

     Sukuna supposes that makes sense, only one issue, “what’s sign language?”

 

      “It’s like talking with your hands.”  Nanami turns back to them, a book finally in hand.  He sits down next to the boys before opening the book.  “We’ll learn it together.”

 

 

     Megumi’s been quieter than usual.  Gojo doesn’t really mind, he understands why the kid wouldn’t be as talkative.  It doesn’t mean, however, that Gojo isn’t worried.

 

     He really should give Nanami a call, he’d probably have more insight on the matter, considering he takes care of Yuji.

 

     Gojo moves to get up from the couch, he wasn’t really watching TV anyway.  “I’ll be right back, Gremlin.”

 

     “Ok.”

 

       Gojo goes into the other room before fishing out his phone and calling Nanami.

 

     “Gojo?  Is everything alright?”  Nanami’s concern rings through the line.

 

      “Yes, no, I don’t know.”  Gojo isn’t sure if something’s wrong or not, the whole ordeal has left him frazzled.  “Something happened.”

 

      “Alright, relax.  Explain it to me.”

 

       Gojo explains the situation best he can, explaining how Megumi wouldn’t talk for a while after waking up.  “He’s talking alright now, but I don’t know what that was.  What if there’s something really wrong?”

 

     “Calm down, everything’s fine.  It’s a trauma response.”

 

      Gojo tightens his grip on the phone, he doesn’t like the sound of that.  “A trauma response?”

 

       “Yes, when people go through a traumatic event they can develop trauma responses, which affects how they react to certain stressful or overwhelming situations.  Yuji’s inability to talk is a trauma response, he was put into an emotional shock and couldn’t talk as a result.”

 

     Gojo nods, that makes sense.  “But, Yuji’s still trying to learn to talk.  Megumi was fine after like a half hour.”

 

      “Everyone responds to trauma differently, Gojo,” Gojo can hear the slight annoyance in Nanami’s voice.  “Megumi was probably just overwhelmed.  Once he calmed down and felt comfortable enough he was able to talk again.”

 

      Gojo relaxes, he feels better now that he knows what happened.  Thank god Nanami seems to always know everything.  “Thanks.  You always seem to know everything,” Gojo’s voice goes down an octave, Nanami is much better at this sort of thing.  Gojo’s trying his best, but it’s not nearly enough.  Megumi needs more than some overly happy teenager who pretends like he doesn’t have a care in the world.

 

     “I’ve read a couple things.  I didn’t want to be completely clueless when it came to Yuji’s situation.  You can borrow them if you’d like.”

 

     Of course he did.  Nanami, ever the responsible one.  He’s nothing like Gojo, who was stupid enough to think that he would magically know how to handle anything that comes his way.  Gojo has to be perfect .  He can’t mess up, he’s not allowed to.  Messing up is bad , it’s-

 

     “Gojo?”  Gojo jumps at the sound of Megumi’s voice.

 

     Gojo turns, finding the boy standing there, eyes wide with concern.

 

      “I gotta go, Nanami, thanks again.”  Gojo hangs up before he hears Nanami’s response.  He gives Megumi a smile, “hey, Gremlin!  What’s up?”

 

      Megumi stares at the man, a frown on his face.  “Nothing, you were gone for a while.”

 

      Gojo shoved his phone in his pocket before walking over to Megumi.  “Yeah, sorry about that.  You doing ok?”

 

     Megumi shrugs.  “What about you?”

 

       “Me?”  Why on earth would Megumi be asking how he is?

 

      Megumi nods, “you seem… sad.”

 

      Gojo’s expression softens.  God, was he that easy to read?  Megumi’s too sweet for his own good.  “I’m ok, Gremlin.  Just worried about you.”

 

      “Oh,” Megumi shrinks some, turning away.  “Sorry.”

 

      Gojo scoops Megumi up, “hey, no more apologizing, remember?”

 

     Megumi frowns, “but, I worried you.”

 

     Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair.  He wishes Megumi would stop worrying over things.  “You’re my kid.  It’s my job to worry over you.”

 

      Megumi presses himself into Gojo at that, his expression thoughtful.  “Actually,” Megumi’s voice is quiet and hesitant, “I wanted to ask you…”

 

      Gojo frowns at the sudden change in demeanor.  “Yeah?  What is it?”

 

      Megumi grabs onto the front of Gojo’s shirt, worrying the fabric in his hands.  “If mom and dad come back… what happens.”

 

     Gojo keeps his expression as neutral as possible.  That was probably the last question Gojo was expecting.  “Well, what do you want,” that was all that really mattered in this damned situation.  “Would you want  to go back with them?”  Gojo was hoping the kid didn’t, from what he could tell Megumi’s previous situation wasn’t great.

 

     Megumi looks up at Gojo eyes wide and almost fearful as he shakes his head.

 

      God Gojo’s heart shatters, this poor kid doesn’t deserve this.  “Then you’ll stay with me, no matter what.”

       
Notes:

    Another chapter done! Sorry if things are inaccurate, researching shit is the most aggravating thing in the world. Anyway hope you enjoyed and are doing fun festive stuff!

Chapter 28: Family
Summary:

    He’d just forgotten where he was. “I’m sorry… you’re not… you wouldn’t.” Why is it so hard to explain? It’s like his brain won’t string together a proper sentence. “I forgot.”

     

    TRIGGER WARNING:
    - Implied/Referenced Child Abuse

Notes:

    I’m alive! I’m really sorry the holidays was crazy and then I like got obsessed with Detroit Become Human again and then I played it like 3 times and then The Last of Us came out on HBO and I became obsessed with that game again and replayed that one so needless to say I got distracted.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

     “You don’t have to do this you know,” Gojo talks in a calm voice.  “You haven’t summoned your dogs since the attack.”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, he can’t just keep putting this off.  He loves his dogs to pieces but anytime he’s tried to summon them he’s reminded of those curses at the Zenin Estate.  “I have to,” the sooner he does this the sooner he can get over it with.

 

     Gojo sighs, “alright.  Don’t push yourself.”

 

      Megumi had asked Gojo to be with him while he tries to summon his dogs.  He’s pretty much healed by now, but he still doesn’t have nearly as much energy as he normally does.  He was a bit nervous about using so much energy to summon his dogs.

 

     Megumi holds his hands out, he lets the familiar sensation wash over him as he uses his Cursed Energy to bring his dogs out of the shadows.

 

      And just like that, his dogs are in front of them.  They stare at him a moment before walking towards him and giving him a nudge.

 

      Megumi gives a relieved laugh.  He didn’t realize how much he’d needed to prove to himself that he can still do this.

 

      “Good job, Megs!  I knew you could do it!”  Gojo’s voice rings from somewhere behind Megumi.

 

     Megumi isn’t expecting Gojo to reach over and ruffle his hair.  Megumi recoils, a familiar feeling of fear sinking in his gut.  The action causes his dogs to growl and bark.

 

      Megumi squeezes his eyes shut, covering his ears.  Tears prick at the corner of his eyes.  He messed up, he’s gonna get in trouble, he-

 

     “Megumi,” there are suddenly hands on his ears, pulling them away.  “Breathe, son.”

 

      Megumi opens his eyes, finding Gojo’s sad expression.  “I’m sorry,” Megumi sobs, leaning into Gojo’s touch.

 

     “Hey, hey,” Gojo brushes Megumi’s cheek with his thumb, he speaks softly.  “What wrong?  Why are you sorry?”

 

     Megumi’s not sure how to put it in words.  But he feels bad, Gojo would never.   It’d been so long since he’d worked on his Cursed Technique at all let alone with someone.  He’d just forgotten where he was.  “I’m sorry… you’re not… you wouldn’t.”  Why is it so hard to explain?  It’s like his brain won’t string together a proper sentence.  “I forgot.”

 

     Gojo’s eyebrows furrow in confusion, but that sadness is still in his expression.  “Deep breaths, Gremlin.  You’re alright.”

 

     Megumi nods, taking a shaky breath.  He knows that, Gojo would never let anything happen to him.

 

     “Take your time, there’s no rush.”

 

     God, Gojo’s so kind and understanding, what did Megumi do to deserve him?  “You surprised me,” Megumi talks in a small voice.  “And I forgot… it reminded me… I don’t know what happened.”  Megumi’s voice breaks at the end before letting out a sob.

 

     Gojo’s face falls as he pulls Megumi closer, trapping the boy in a hug.  “It’s alright.  I’m sorry.”

 

     Megumi’s not sure what Gojo’s apologizing for but he doesn’t comment on it.  He just buries his face into Gojo’s shirt and cries.

 

     Gojo just holds him close, it feels nice.  It’s weird, if he’d freaked out like that while training with dad he’d get a very different reaction.

 

     Megumi isn’t sure how long it takes for him to calm down, it could’ve been hours for all he knew.

 

      Gojo smooths Megumi’s hair down before pulling away.  “I’d say some hot cocoa’s in order.”

 

 

     “Nami!”  Yuji comes running into the kitchen, a big smile on his face.

 

      Nanami smiles.  He brings his hand up to his face and down into his other hand before moving that arm into his elbow and moving the other hand up before speaking, “good morning!”

 

     Yuji smiles, repeating the hand motions.  ‘Good morning!’

 

      Nanami’s smile grows, they’ve only been learning sign language for a couple of days but the boys are picking it up fast.  They’ve only really learned basic phrases, things like help, different emotions and greetings and stuff like that.  Since then it seems that Yuji’s mood has improved, which is a relief to Nanami.

 

      Yuji makes a c with his hand, bringing it down from his chest to his stomach.  ‘I’m hungry!’

 

      Nanami smiles, it can be hard to get Yuji to eat so hearing him say he’s hungry makes Nanami happy.  “Breakfast is almost ready, why don’t you go wake Sukuna?”

 

  Yuji’s face lights up before giving Nanami an ok before running off.

 

      Nanami shakes his head before going to wrap up breakfast.  He wishes he started teaching Yuji sign language sooner, thinking back on it it definitely would’ve made things easier for the kid.  No use dwelling on that now, you can’t change the past.

 

     Nanami places the bowls down on the table just as the two come into the kitchen.

 

    “Morning, Sukuna!  How are you?”  It’s not like Sukuna to sleep in at all, usually he’s up way before Yuji.

 

     “Fine,” his response is slurred with sleep.

 

     Nanami frowns, “you feeling alright, Dumpling?”

 

      Sukuna nods, “my head hurts.”

 

      “Oh, well I’ll get you some tylenol.”  Nanami moves to go get some medicine from the bathroom.  He’s happy that Sukuna told him what was wrong, the kid’s always been a bit reluctant to let others help with his problems.

 

     Nanami comes back with a bottle of orange medicine.  He quickly gives Sukuna a spoonful of the medicine before sitting down to eat.

 

     “It didn’t work.”

 

       Nanami shakes his head, “it’s not instant, it takes a little time to kick in.”

 

     “Oh,” Sukuna looks away, pink dusting his cheeks.

 

       Nanami chuckles, ruffling Sukuna’s hair.  “Eat some breakfast.”

 

 

     Gojo isn’t sure what to do.  He feels sick to his stomach.  Megumi had freaked out because he’d gone to touch him.  The implication of that scares Gojo more than he’d like to admit.

 

     Megumi’s been a little clingier all morning after that fiasco.  He’s curled up against Gojo’s side, holding his bear tight.

 

     Gojo’s not sure what to do or what to say.  He wants to ask, he wants to know more about what happened, but then he’d be confirming what he’s praying isn’t true.

 

     God, it isn’t fair!  Megumi deserves all the happiness in the world.  It shouldn’t matter that Megumi is talented or that Gojo’s powerful.  They’re just kids, couldn’t anyone else see that?

 

     Gojo moves to get up, as nice as cuddling with Megumi has been, if he sits here any longer thinking he’s going to go crazy.

 

     “Where’re you going?”  Megumi turns his attention away from the nature documentary to look up at Gojo.

 

     Gojo gives him a small smile before smoothing down his hair.  “I’m just gonna go clean some.  I’ll be in the other room if you need me, ok?”

 

     Megumi frowns, chewing on his bottom lip, “ok.”

 

     Gojo heads to the bathroom.  It’s been a while since he’s cleaned the thing, far longer than he’d like to admit.  Actually, it’s been a while since he’s cleaned any part of the house.  It’s been so hectic lately he hasn’t had any time.  He’ll have to make sure he gets back into the swing of things.

 

      He can worry about getting his and Megumi’s schedules back in order some other time.  Right now, he does his best to focus solely on the task at hand.  It’s much easier to focus on keeping busy than to think about the trauma his boy’s had to go through.  It’s easier than thinking about how he understands, how people would grab at him and punish him for not doing things perfectly.

 

      Gojo brings a hand up to his head, giving his hair a tug.  Going down this train of thought is dangerous, but it’s hard to stop now.  How can he stop when he can feel the ghosts of people’s hands grabbing harshly at his wrists?  He’s dizzy, everything is blurring together and all he can focus on are the hands all over him.

 

     God, he needs to calm down!  He can’t do this right now.  Megumi needs him , he needs him to be strong.  He can’t be spiraling into his own pity party.

 

     “Gojo?”

 

      Gojo freezes in place, of course Megumi had to walk in.  Gojo needs to calm down now, the kid doesn’t need to deal with his issues on top of everything.

 

      Gojo turns around, praying that his smile looks real, “what’s up, Gremlin?”

 

     Megumi frowns, staring at Gojo with sad eyes.  “You’re sad.”

 

     God, Megumi sounds so upset by the idea that Gojo’s sad.  Why did the kid have to be so empathetic?  “I’m alright, Megs.”

 

      Megumi shakes his head, coming over to grab Gojo’s hands.  He pulls the bigger man down.

 

      Gojo kneels down, letting Megumi pull his glasses off his face.

 

      Little hands move to grab the side of his face.  The contact makes Gojo’s heart jump out of his chest, and he has to remind himself not to pull away.

 

      “I’m ok,” Gojo’s voice is quiet, he’s unsure whether he’s trying to convince Megumi or himself.

 

      Megumi shakes his head, “it’s ok.”

 

      Dammit, those two words destroy whatever wall he had up.  A sob finds its way to the surface, and now that he’s started he’s definitely not stopping any time soon.

 

     Megumi lets out a squeak in alarm, moving to hug Gojo.

 

      Gojo hugs him back.  He knows he’s being selfish, he shouldn’t be putting this on a child.  It’s not Megumi’s job to comfort him.  He’s supposed to be the adult, he’s supposed to take care of Megumi, not the other way around.  God, Gojo really can’t do anything right, all he does is mess everything up.

 

     Megumi shakes his head, “don’t be sorry.”  Gojo didn’t even realize he was blubbering apologies until Megumi said something.

 

      “You’re ok,” Megumi’s voice breaks, and Christ, Gojo feels bad.   “You’re hurting too, it’s ok.”

 

      God, Gojo doesn’t think he can take the quiet confession that Megumi’s also been struggling.  His entire heart shatters and it makes him cry harder.

 

     Gojo’s not sure how long the two sit there until he stops crying.  “I’m sorry, Megs.”

 

     Megumi pulls away, a frown finding it’s way onto his face, “for what?”

 

     “It’s my job to take care of you, not the other way around.”

 

      Megumi shakes his head, “everyone needs to be taken care of every now and then.”  Megumi places his hands in Gojo’s, “you help me so I’ll help you.  That’s what a family’s supposed to do.”

 

  Gojo smiles, a family?  Gojo likes the sound of that.
Notes:

    Another chapter finished! I forgot to mention this earlier but I’m having Nanami and the twins use ASL even tho they live in Japan. I figured, since I’m gonna look up the signs I might as well learn something.

    Hope everyone’s having a good day!

Chapter 29: Zoo
Summary:

    Megumi groans, shaking Gojo’s arm. “Can’t you just tell me now?”

    “It wouldn’t be much of a surprise then, Gremlin.”

    “If you tell me I’ll still act surprised! Promise!”

Notes:

    So… I really didn’t mean to take so long to post this. I felt like I’d needed a refresher on what happened in this story and reread the entire thing. I didn’t realize how much time passed. Also I remembered Leon Kennedy exists…

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 
    Gojo’s decided that today is going to be a good day.  It’s been a crazy couple of weeks and Gojo thinks that he and Megumi deserve to have a little fun.

 

     “Where are we going?”  Megumi’s voice rings from his seat next to Gojo on the bus.

 

     “It’s a surprise.”  He’s glad they’re finally getting around to this, he’s been meaning to take the kid for a while now.

 

     Megumi groans, shaking Gojo’s arm.  “Can’t you just tell me now?”

 

      “It wouldn’t be much of a surprise then, Gremlin.”

 

       “If you tell me I’ll still act surprised!  Promise!”

 

      Gojo laughs, moving to ruffle Megumi’s hair, “nice try.”

 

 

     Nanami’s having a terrible day.  It’s not that it’s been a bad day in particular, no the twins have been having a pretty problem free day all things considered, he’s the one with a problem.

 

     His head is hurting something awful.  He can’t remember the last time he’d had a migraine, let alone one this bad.  If he didn’t have to look after the twins he could just take some medicine and sleep the entire day away, but he can’t so he’ll simply have to deal.

 

     He’s watching the boys from across the room.  The two of them are giggling while Yuji signs something to Sukuna.  Since they’ve been learning Sign Language the boys seem much happier.  Nanami’s been happier too, now that the constant worrying over Yuji being able to talk is no longer on his shoulders.  He still can’t talk in a traditional sense but they’ve both taken to Sign Language like a sponge to water.

 

      He wishes he’d started teaching them sign language sooner.  Talking is more than likely going to be a struggle for Yuji’s whole life, even when he is able to properly speak again.  Starting sooner probably would’ve helped speed Yuji’s recovery and helped with his sense of security.  No use dwelling on that now, Nanami had wanted the boys to be well adjusted first and that’s what he’d done, there’s nothing he can do about the past.

 

     “Nami!”  Yuji speaks as he brings his hand up to his forehead and tapping it with his thumb twice.

 

      Nanami can’t help the smile that comes with seeing that sign.  They’d spent some time figuring out sign names for the three of them for Yuji to use.  Yuji was insistent on using that one for him.  “What is it, Bug?”

 

      Yuji puts his three fingers down so just his pinky and thumb are up before twisting both hands back and forth.  ‘Play?’

 

      Nanami sighs, he’d love to play with the boys right now but his head is killing him.  “I’d love to, but my head hurts.  Do you think we could play another time?”

 

       Concern is suddenly on Yuji’s face as he points to Nanami and then brings his hand up to his face and down to his chin.  ‘You, sleep.’

 

     God a nap sounded nice right now.  “Will you boys be ok if I take a nap?”

 

     Yuji nods.

 

     “Are you sure?”  The thought of leaving the boys alone for any period of time leaves Nanami feeling anxious.

 

     “Just go, Nanami.  We’ll get you if we need you.”  Sukuna crosses his arms, “you’d want us to rest if our head hurt.”

 

     Nanami sighs, he doesn’t have the energy to argue with the boys right now.  Besides, Sukuna did have a point, “alright, you win.”

 

 

      “Can I open my eyes now?”  Megumi giggles as he tries to pry Gojo’s hands off his eyes.

 

      Gojo laughs, “almost.  Be patient.”

 

      Megumi has been patient, he’s tired of being patient.  “I have been!  I don’t want to be patient anymore!”

 

     Megumi suddenly feels Gojo put him down.  “Alright, Gremlin, now.”

 

      When Gojo lifts his hand he’s met with a bustling area full of people and different enclosures.

 

      “Ta da!  Welcome to the zoo!”

 

       Megumi looks around, an overwhelming bout of emotions wash over him.

 

      “Hey,” Gojo bends down so that they’re at eye level.  “What’s wrong?”

 

     There isn’t anything wrong.  He can’t quite place what he’s feeling but for some reason he feels like crying.  “What are we doing here?”

 

     Gojo frowns, “to have fun?  I figured you’d like it since you like animals!”

 

      Gojo took him here just because he thought Megumi would like it?  Megumi can’t think of a time when his parents took him to a place like this just because.  The fact that Gojo had the thought to bring him here makes Megumi’s heart swell.

 

      Megumi lunges for Gojo, trapping the man in a hug.  “Thank you,” a sob makes its way past his lips.

 

     Gojo hugs back.  “Why are you crying,” Gojo’s voice comes out in a nervous laugh, as if he’s unsure what to do with the situation.

 

      Megumi’s not sure why he’s crying, he just felt too much all at once.  What confused him was that they weren’t bad feelings so there shouldn’t be a reason for him to be crying.  “I’m happy.”

 

      Gojo hums, holding him a little tighter.  “Happy tears then, good.”

 

 

     Gojo’s happy.  He’s happy because Megumi’s happy.  He can’t think of a time Megumi’s smiled this big.

 

      The penguin exhibit was the first place to go.  Megumi rambled of for twenty minutes about penguins.  How one kid can know so much about animals he’d never know.

 

      “Gojo, move faster!”  Megumi tugs Gojo through the crowd of people towards the Lion enclosure.

 

     “Relax, Gremlin.  The lions aren’t going anywhere!”

 

     Soon they’re at the enclosure.  And Megumi looks in awe at the lions, his round face pressed up against the glass.

 

      “Look, Gojo.”  Megumi points to the two lions sleeping under a tree.  “Those two are lioness.  That means they’re girls!”

 

      Gojo nods, “that’s right.”  For once the animal fact is one Gojo knows.

 

     “They’re the ones that do the hunting.  Boy lions patrol and protect the pride’s territory!”

 

     And, just like that, Gojo’s back to learning new facts.  “Really?”

 

     Megumi nods, his smile somehow getting wider.  “Lioness hunt mostly at night since they can see in the dark!  They also hunt more during storms because it makes it easier to sneak up on things!”

 

     “They do?  Who knew lions were so smart.”  Gojo had to admit, it was entertaining learning all this stuff about animals.

 

     “Oh they’re really smart!  Most animals are much smarter than we are!”

 

     Gojo didn’t like that fact as much.  He liked to keep thinking he was smarter than most creatures on the planet.  “Good to know.”

 

      “Lioness also raise their Cubs all together!  It makes it easier for the pride if all their babies are in one place.”

 

     “Makes sense,” Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair.  “Where did you learn all this stuff anyway?”

 

     “Mostly tv.  I used to have a big book about animals!  There were pictures that popped up out of the page and things you could flip and it would tell you all kinds of things about animals!  Sometimes my parents would read it to me if they weren’t too busy.”

 

     Gojo frowns, he doesn’t remember seeing any book when they’d unpacked his stuff and set his room up.  “I don’t remember a book like that.  What happened to it?”

 

     Megumi’s smile dims a little, “well I couldn’t bring everything with me when mom and dad left.  I could only bring stuff I needed.”

 

     Gojo I wasn’t expecting that answer.  He thought that maybe it got ruined, not that he had to leave it behind.  He ruffles Megumi’s hair again, “I’m sorry, Gremlin.  Now, what were you telling me about Lions?”

 

 

      Nanami wakes up a few hours later feeling slightly better than he had before.  He should go check on the boys.  He feels bad for leaving them to rest but at least his headache is bearable now.

 

      Nanami get up and heads to the living room to find the two sitting on the floor in front of the Tv watching a movie.

 

     “How come you two never use the couch?”  It was a genuine question, the two rarely sit on the couch.

 

     “The floor is better.”  It wasn’t exactly the explanation that Nanami was hoping for, but it was better than nothing.

 

     “Can’t argue with that I suppose.”

 

      “Nami!”  Yuji twists his body so that he’s facing Nanami.  He points to Nanami before bringing his hand to his chin and then moving it away to make a thumbs up.  ‘ You better?’

 

     Nanami smiles, “yes.  Much better.  Are you two hungry?  I could make us some lunch.”

 

      Yuji’s face lights up before he nods.

 

     Nanami can’t help but smile wider at that.  It’s been so difficult to get Yuji to eat.  Seeing him so happy and eager to eat warms Nanami’s heart.  “Coming right up.”

 

 

     Sukuna feels… a little confused.  He’s happy for Yuji.  His little brother is smiling more and he’s able to have real conversations and it makes Sukuna really happy.  But, anytime Yuji does anything he gets this reaction from Nanami that leaves a bad feeling in his stomach that he can’t quite place.

 

     Sukuna doesn’t like feeling this way.  Yuji needs Nanami more, Sukuna knows that.  Sukuna doesn’t need praise or hugs or anything like that, not like Yuji does.  So why does he feel like crying whenever he sees Yuji get the attention he needs?

 

     Nanami pokes his head out from the kitchen, “I have some hard boiled eggs in the fridge already, how do egg salad sandwiches sound?”

 

     “Fine,” Sukuna doesn’t really feel like eating so it doesn’t really matter to him.

 

     Sukuna decides to focus on the tv, he’s in what his mom would call “a mood”.  He used to get into moods all the time, he’d make problems for everyone.  Mom used to tell him that it was ok and that it happens to everyone.  But now mom’s not here, he doesn’t have the luxury to cause problems.

 

     It doesn’t take long for Nanami to call them in to eat.  Sukuna sits at the table at his normal spot next to Yuji.

 

      Nanami puts Sukuna’s plate in front of him before ruffling his hair.  Warmth fills Sukuna’s chest at the small action.

 

      Sukuna inspects the sandwich.  He knows that he can be… difficult when it comes to food, everything has to be a certain way.  He’s not like Yuji that will eat anything, so he wants to make sure that Nanami didn’t add anything he doesn’t like.

 

     Mom used to get confused all the time, she’d mix up what the boys liked and didn’t like.  She would try her best, but more often than not Sukuna found himself picking around his food trying to avoid the gross stuff.

 

     To Sukuna’s surprise, everything seemed fine.  The crust is cut off, there are no onions, The egg whites were cut while the yolks were mashed and there were exactly three pickle slices on the bottom slice of bread.

 

     “Everything look good?  I didn’t forget anything did I?”  Nanami’s question causes Sukuna to look at him, finding the man with a concerned frown on his face.  “I can make another if I messed it up.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head.  “Looks good.”  He takes a bite for good measure, true to his word everything tastes good.

 

     It’s quiet after that.  Yuji’s signing broken sentences to Nanami in between bites.

 

     Nanami gives Yuji his undivided attention.  Just like that, the bad feeling’s back.

 

     Sukuna’s sure they wouldn’t mind if he joined the conversation, but he’s not sure how.  Besides, the two look so happy, he’d hate to ruin it.

 

     The bad feeling in his stomach’s ruined his appetite.  He stares at his half eaten sandwich, it would be a shame to waste it, but Sukuna doesn’t think he can manage another bite.

 

     It’s only a few minutes before someone comments.  “What wrong, Dumpling?  You don’t have to eat it if I made it wrong.”

 

     Sukuna huffs, “it’s not that.  Just not hungry.”

 

      Nanami frowns, “alright, you don’t have to eat it.  You can go throw it away.”

 

      Sukuna hops off the chair taking his plate with him.  He’s glad he doesn’t have to sit at the table anymore.  He thought that walking away would make the angry feeling go away.  It didn’t and Sukuna can’t make it go away.  The feeling is so strong it’s practically suffocating him and-

 

     It’s then, during his inner turmoil on the way to the trash, the plate shatters in his hand.  He thinks he might’ve screamed but he can’t be sure when all he can hear is the beating of his heart.

 

     “Sukuna!” Nanami’s voice can be heard and he’s in front of the boy seconds later.

 

     Sukuna doesn’t react, only staring at the broken glass in his hands.

 

       “Sukuna,” Nanami’s voice is soft as he carefully brushes the glass out of his hands before tucking some hair behind Sukuna’s hair.  “What happened, baby?”

 

      “I don’t,” Sukuna looks up at Nanami with big eyes.  He didn’t know what happened, he didn’t do anything, the glass just shattered.   “It just… I’m sorry,” Sukuna lets out a small sob.

 

      “It’s alright,” Nanami lifts Sukuna up and away from the danger.  “You’re alright.”

 

       Sukuna clings to Nanami, how did this happen?  He was being careful, he was trying so hard not to cause problems and he still had anyway.  “I’m sorry,” he’s not even conscious of his own mantra of apologies at this point.

 

     Nanami holds Sukuna tighter, “hey, hey, it’s alright.  It was an accident.”

 

       Nanami picks Sukuna up before stepping away from the glass.  He speaks to Yuji, something about staying out of the kitchen until he can clean it.

 

      Sukuna registers that they’re moving, but it doesn’t really matter.  He might be upset and confused about what had happened, but he somehow feels better.  The bad feeling in the pit of his stomach has gone away.

 

      Sukuna is placed on the bathroom sink.  Nanami beings rummaging through the medicine cabinet.

 

      Sukuna looks down at his hands, staring at the few tiny cuts he’d acquired. He hadn’t done anything to break the plate, but he feels like it’s still somehow his fault.  “I’m sorry.”

 

       “It’s alright.  It’s just a plate, I’m just glad you’re alright.”  Nanami finally finds what he was looking for and begins to bandage Sukuna’s cuts.

 

     “I don’t know what happened, honest!  It just broke!”

 

      “I know, Dumpling.”  Nanami wraps up the last few cuts, luckily there isn’t many of them.  “You’re probably confused.”

 

      Confused us an understatement.  “Do you know how it broke?”

 

     Nanami nods, “it’s about time I told you boys what it means to be a Jujutsu Sorcerer.”
Notes:

    Ta da! Another chapter done! Btw for those who aren’t familiar with ASL, Sign Names are a word or symbol assigned to someone else in place of their name. That way you don’t have to spell out a person’s name all the time, you can just use the assigned word. Anyone who guesses Nanami’s sign name gets a virtual high five

Chapter 30: Jealousy
Summary:

    Nanami goes to respond, about to talk when Sukuna slams his cup down.

    Yuji jumps at the noise, letting out a small squeak.

    Nanami turns to Sukuna, a frown on his face. “What’s wrong,” he can tell that Sukuna is obviously upset.

    “Nothing,” Sukuna’s voice is thick with emption as he hops down from his chair. “I’m not hungry.”

Notes:

    Heyo, I’m back! I didn’t mean to take so long of a break, I got a little upsetti spaghetti and have terrible time management! But I’m back and here with a new chapter

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

     Nanami was not sure how to have this conversation, how do you explain to two four year olds what cursed energy is?  They can’t even read for goodness sake!

 

      Nanami stares at these two, these two wonderful boys as they stare at him expectantly.

 

      Well one of them is looking at him, the other is staring at his now bandaged hands.

 

     Nanami sighs, there’s no use stalling any longer.  “Do you boys remember what my job is?  How I fight monsters?”

 

     Yuji nods, a frown on his face.

 

      “Well, they’re not really monsters.  They’re called Curses.”  When the two don’t respond he takes it as a sign to continue.  “They’re created with people’s bad emotions.”

 

     Yuji frowns, his eyebrows furrowing.

 

      Nanami swallows, this isn’t really working is it?  “Feelings like anger, sadness, and things.  It’s like energy.  They use those feelings to get strong, like you do with food.  Does that make sense?”

 

     Yuji gives him a slow, hesitant nod.

 

     “I can only beat these monsters with that energy.  Jujutsu Sorcerers are the only people that can use it and so they fight the monsters.”  Nanami pauses, plucking a tissue off the coffee table before continuing, “you boys both can use this energy.  That’s how Sukuna broke the plate earlier.”  He holds his hand out, tissue in hand as he uses his cursed energy to rip the paper to shreds.  “See?  One day you’ll learn how to use it like this too.  And maybe you’ll be Jujutsu Sorcerers too.”

 

 

     Sukuna doesn’t know how to feel about this.  He doesn’t want to deal with this.  Would he have to deal with scary things his whole life?  Why can’t things ever be normal in his life?

 

     “I’m not expecting you boys to understand what most of this means.  Typically, Sorcerers start training at about seven or eight depending on when they show signs of being able to use Cursed Energy.”

 

      “But I’m four!”  Sukuna holds up his hands, displaying his age.  “I’m too small!”

 

     “It’s not very common, but it can happen.  From what Gojo tells me Megumi was able to use it even earlier.”

 

     Sukuna sighs, this is stupid.  He doesn’t want to be a Jujutsu Sorcerer so why are they even having this conversation?  “I don’t care!  I don’t wanna learn!”

 

      “I know, Dumpling.  We don’t have to start right away but it’s important that-“

 

      Sukuna jumps up from his spot on the couch, he doesn’t care what Nanami has to say.  “No!  I don’t want to!  You can’t make me!”

 

 

      Gojo can’t think of a time he’s seen Megumi so happy.  There his kid is, face pressed against the glass, looking in awe at the Gorilla just inches from his face.

 

      The sight leaves a warm feeling in Gojo’s chest.  When was the last time he’d seen the kid smile?  He makes a mental note to take the kid out more.

 

     “Gojo,” Megumi turns to look at the man with those big eyes.  “Did you know gorillas live in groups called troops?”

 

     Gojo’s smile widens.  God, his kid is so smart, “I didn’t, what else do you know?”

 

     “Well they’re very similar to us!  And they’re super smart!  Some scientists have even found them making and using tools!”

 

       “That is cool,” Gojo can’t help but picture a Gorilla holding a hammer, it’s a weird mental image.  “We’ve been at this enclosure for a while.  Do you wanna head to a different one?”  Gojo digs through his pocket and pulls out a map.  “Let’s see, from here it branches off into three loops, so the closest animals are the wolves, kangaroos and the hippo.”

 

     Megumi freezes, turning his attention back to Gojo, and he swears the kids eyes sparkled.  “A hippo?”

 

 

      Yuji’s not sure what to make of this news.  Nanami says that he could be a Jujutsu Sorcerer when he gets big, but what if he doesn’t want to?  He doesn’t have to fight monsters when he grows up if he doesn’t want to.

 

       “Sukuna!  Sukuna, Dumpling please open the door!”  Yuji can hear Nanami knock on the door of their room.  Sukuna stormed off while Nanami was explaining.  Yuji hopes his brother’s alright.

 

       Usually when Sukuna stormed off, mom would give him time to cool off.  Maybe Nanami didn’t know that?  “Nami,” Yuji’s voice is quiet as he brings his hand up to his forehead.

 

      Nanami sighs as Yuji hears him walk back into the living room.  “What is it, Bug?”

 

      Yuji opens his mouth, “Suuuuk-“ the sound his cut off short like usual, but he doesn’t feel as frustrated about it as he used to.  Instead, Yuji just brings his right hand up to his forehead in the shape of an L before bringing it down to his other hand.  He then moves his right hand so that his pointer finger makes a hook shape before swiping it down and finally making the last sign by putting his left hand down and circling it with his right.  ‘ Sukuna needs space.’

 

      Nanami sighs.  “Yeah, you’re right,” he sits down on the couch before putting his head in his hand.  “I’m sorry, Yuji.  I was hoping we wouldn’t have to talk about this for awhile.  You two have enough going on as it is.”

 

      Yuji shakes his head, tapping his pointer and middle fingers to his thumb twice as he does.  Nanami shouldn’t have to apologize, it’s not his fault after all.

 

     “I can only imagine how confusing this is for the two of you.”

 

      Yuji shrugs, he doesn’t really understand most of what Nanami was talking about, but he guesses they’re sort of like superpowers.  Supervillains have superpowers and the only people that can beat them are superheroes with powers too.

 

     “I’m not going to force you boys to do anything you don’t want to.  If you don’t want to be Jujutsu Sorcerers then that’s fine, but it’s important that you learn to control your Cursed Energy.  Does that make sense?”

 

      Yuji nods, if someone had superpowers they’d have to learn to control it or they’d hurt someone, why would it be different here?

 

      Nanami moves to smooth Yuji’s hair back, “thanks for understanding, Bug.”

 

 

      Megumi can’t remember a time when he’s been so happy.  He never thought he’d actually get to see all these animals in person!

 

      He’s babbling, talking loudly about anything really.  He shouldn’t be talking so much, realistically he knows that.  His parents used to tell him that it was bad to talk so much, but Gojo doesn’t seem to mind.  So he talks, he talks about every animal they spot.

 

      The giraffes might be his favorite yet.  They’re so tall and pretty and they come right up to the spot they’re standing.

 

     Right now, Megumi’s at a loss for words.  There’s nothing in between them, no glass, no bars, he could reach out and touch it if he wanted to.

 

      “Wanna feed it?”  Gojo’s voice rings in Megumi’s ears and the kid turns to look at him.  Gojo gives him a grin, “they sell this so you can feed them, wanna give it a go?”

 

      Megumi shakes his head, taking the lettuce from Gojo before turning back to the giraffe.

 

      The animal stares at him, reaching down before using its tongue to grab the lettuce from Megumi’s hand.

 

      Megumi sqeals, he wasn’t expecting the animal to grab it right away.

 

      When the Giraffe comes down to grab the second piece he’s a little more prepared.  He’s able to keep the lettuce there for longer, he even pet it!

 

     This is easily the best day ever.

 

 

     Gojo’s decided that he needs to spoil Megumi more.  He doesn’t care about the looks he’s getting from parents walking by.  Megumi deserves the world, dammit and he doesn’t care what anyone says!

 

      Megumi hasn’t been able to stop smiling since they got here.  Gojo would do anything to keep that smile on his kid’s face.

 

      When it’s all said and done, Gojo’s pretty much bought his kid the entire gift shop.  In typical Megumi fashion the kid doesn’t ask for anything, in fact he tells Gojo he doesn’t want anything.  So naturally he just grabs anything the kid looks at for too long.

 

       “Gojo, you don’t have to get me anything.  I’m ok.”  Megumi’s voice is quiet, and he holds Gojo’s sleeve tight in his hand.

 

       God, the guilty look on Megumi’s face crushes Gojo.  He silently curses Fushiguro for conditioning this kid into thinking wanting things is bad.  “I know I don’t have to , but I want to.”

 

     “It’s really ok, today was fun enough!  You don’t need to do anymore.”

 

      Gojo waves him off, “nonsense, I’m allowed to spoil my own kid once in a while.  Let me buy you whatever you want!”

 

     Megumi chews on his bottom lip, it’s a little habit Gojo’s been meaning to get the kid to break.  “Alright.”

 

     Gojo smiles, “perfect!  Now, let’s finish shopping!”

 

 

     Dinner is quiet.  It tends to be, Sukuna doesn’t talk much after all.  Yuji however, is signing up a storm.  Nanami couldn’t be happier about it, he’s really taking up sign language very well, even faster than him.  Yuji’s signing about his spy show that he watches, most of the sentences aren’t complete, and they barely make sense but he’s having a real conversation.  Nanami couldn’t be happier about his progress.

 

     Nanami goes to respond, about to talk when Sukuna slams his cup down.

 

     Yuji jumps at the noise, letting out a small squeak.

 

     Nanami turns to Sukuna, a frown on his face.  “What’s wrong,” he can tell that Sukuna is obviously upset.

 

     “Nothing,” Sukuna’s voice is thick with emption as he hops down from his chair.  “I’m not hungry.”

 

      “Sukuna, wait,” but it’s too late, the kid is already sulking back to his room.  Nanami sighs, something is obviously wrong.  First the plate now this little outburst… he should really go talk to the kid.

 

 

     The bus ride home is quiet, Megumi is curled up on Gojo’s chest, his head resting on the man’s shoulder.  It seemed all the excitement of today really wore the kid out.

 

     Maybe he had gone overboard with the amount of things he’d bought, carrying Megumi and five bags off the bus is going to be rather difficult.

 

     Megumi holds Gojo a little tighter in his sleep and suddenly Gojo feels like crying.  He hasn’t been taking care of Megumi for very long, and, even if he hasn’t been doing as good a job as he should be, he loves this kid so much.   Megumi deserves more, he deserves so much more than Gojo can give him.  He deserves real parents who love him and hold him close and make sure he’s eating healthy.  He doesn’t deserve some teenager that can barely take care of himself.

 

     “Oh my, what an adorable child.”

 

      Gojo turns his head to find a small old woman, she smiles down at Megumi.  “Thank you,” Gojo’s not sure if that’s what you’re supposed to say, but it is a compliment after all.

 

     “Is he yours?”

 

      “I-“ what does he say?  Megumi’s not ‘his’, not in a traditional sense anyway.  “It’s… complicated, but yes, he’s mine.”

 

     The woman’s smile seems to brighten at that, odd, usually people give him looks for having a child so young.  “My, what a brave young man you are.”

 

      Him?  Brave?  He didn’t feel very brave.  “Thank you, but I’m not brave.”

 

     “Of course you are.  Taking care of a child is the scariest thing a person can do.”

 

      Gojo looks down at Megumi, an emotion he’s not quite familiar with fills his chest.  “It is scary,” the quiet confession leaves his chest feeling a little less tight.  “I don’t know what I’m doing.”

 

      “Oh,” the woman puts a hand on Gojo’s arm.  “No one ever does dear, especially not another child like yourself.  You, young man, are the bravest kid I’ve ever met.”

 

 

     “Sukuna,” Nanami taps on the door lightly.  “Honey, I’m coming in.”

 

     Nanami waits a second before opening the door.  There oh his bed is a mass underneath a blanket.

 

     Nanami sits down.  “Sukuna, honey,” he pulls back the blanket.  “What’s wrong?”

 

       Sukuna sniffs wiping at his eyes, “I’m sorry.”

 

      “No, enough of that, you didn’t do anything wrong.  Something’s been bothering you for a while, hasn’t it?  I just want to know what’s wrong.”  He should’ve said something earlier, when Sukuna broke the plate.  He was hoping the kid would come to him in his own time, but it seems like he let it fester for too long.

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “I don’t know…” his voice breaks and it kills Nanami to hear the kid so upset.  “I’m a terrible person!”

 

     “Hey,” Nanami moves to brush the hair out of Sukuna’s face.  He’s not sure where this train of thought came from but he’s putting an end to it now.   “You are not a terrible person, you hear me?  Why would you say that?”

 

      “Because it’s true!”  Sukuna lets out a pathetic sob, moving to burrow himself in his blanket again.

 

      Nanami gently pulls the blanket off him, “it’s not true, Baby.”

 

      Sukuna shakes his head, “it is!”

 

      “Please help me understand, Sukuna.  What makes you think you’re a terrible person?”

 

      Sukuna looks up at him with big eyes.  “I don’t-“ he looks away, something similar to shame finds its way on his expression.  “I don’t know how to explain it.”

 

     “Try.”

 

      “I…” he pauses, looking up hesitantly at Nanami.  “I feel bad.”

 

      Nanami frowns, “you feel bad?  How so?”

 

      “Everytime you’re with Yuji I feel bad here,” Sukuna puts his hand over his chest.  “But I shouldn’t feel bad, Yuji needs you.  I’m a terrible brother for feeling bad.”

 

     “Hey,” Nanami talks softly as he reaches over and cards through Sukuna’s hair.  “That doesn’t make you a terrible anything, you’re allowed to want some attention too.”

 

     Nanami didn’t even think for a second that Sukuna could possibly be jealous .  Guilt suddenly hits Nanami like a truck, he had been spending a lot of his spare time trying to teach Yuji sign language and helping the kid find his voice again, it never occurred to him that Sukuna would be upset by it.

 

     “I’m sorry, Dumpling.  I should’ve noticed.  I was so concerned about helping Yuji learn how to talk again that I didn’t realize you needed me too.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “no, I’m glad he’s learning.  I don’t know why I feel this way.”

 

      Nanami sighs, he really failed his kid, but not anymore.  “It’s ok, you’re allowed to feel things.  You were jealous and that’s a perfectly normal and reasonable thing to feel.”  He pushes Sukuna’s bangs back before kissing his forehead, “we’ll figure it out together.”  Nanami’s going to make sure his kid never feels like this again and that’s a promise.
Notes:

    I could actually write about Megumi and Gojo at the zooo all day it’s so cute.

Chapter 31: Headache
Summary:

    But Megumi is worried about it. How can Gojo just sit there and tell him not to? Megumi shakes it off, he’ll just make sure to stay out of Gojo’s way today so he can focus on getting better.

Notes:

    I am back baby and I am upset about the new jjk leaks so here is a new chapter!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Megumi wakes up to Gojo slamming the door to the bathroom closed.  Gojo’s usually really conscious about waking Megumi so it’s odd that he just slammed the door.

 

     Megumi hops out of bed, following the direction Gojo had gone.  Something doesn’t quite feel right.  “Gojo?”  Megumi taps on the bathroom door lightly.

 

     There’s noise coming from the bathroom but other than that Gojo makes no effort to respond.

 

      After a few moments Megumi hears the toilet flush.  He waits a few seconds before knocking again, “Gojo?  Are you ok?”

 

      When Megumi doesn’t get an answer he slowly pushes the door open.  Gojo’s sitting on the floor of the bathroom, his head resting on the toilet seat.

 

      Megumi walks over, a tight feeling settling in his stomach.  “Gojo,” he puts his hand on Gojo’s shoulder.

 

     Gojo jumps, sitting up straight before turning to Megumi.  “Megs,” Gojo’s shoulders drop.  “Sorry did I wake you?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, how can Gojo be apologizing when something is wrong?  “What’s wrong?”

 

      “Nothin’” Gojo leans forward again, pressing his forehead against the cool porcelain bowl.  “Headache.  ‘M fine go back to sleep.”

 

     Megumi frowns, he’s never had a headache make him sick before.  “You shouldn’t sleep on the floor.  Are you coming too?”

 

     Gojo hums, “yeah, just- I need a minute.  I’ll meet you in there.”

 

     Megumi hesitates, he really doesn’t want to leave Gojo alone.  But Gojo’s a big kid, and if he says he needs a minute by himself then Megumi has to respect that.  “Ok, let me know if you need anything.”

 

 

     Nanami wakes to screaming.  It’s been awhile since Yuji’s had a nightmare so the twins have been sleeping in their rooms.  Seems like tonight is going to be one of those nights.

 

      Nanami barges into the twins’ room only to find Yuji is hovering anxiously beside Sukuna’s bed and that it’s actually Sukuna screaming.

 

     This was a first, Sukuna never has nightmares.  “Sukuna, it’s ok!”  Nanami goes over and does his best to untangle the kid from the sheets.  Once he’s relatively free, Nanami lifts Sukuna up and holds him tight.

 

      Sukuna doesn’t even respond, he just slumps in Nanami’s grip and continues to scream.

 

      Nanami holds Sukuna tighter.  His kid may seem awake but he’s not actually aware of anything around him.  Nanami always hates this, not being able to do anything to comfort your kid sucks .

 

     Sukuna screams for Nanami.  Hearing the kid sound so desperate for him physically hurts.  “I’m here, Dumpling!  I’m right here!”

 

      Nanami glances over at Yuji.  The poor kid’s just watching, tears silently streaming down his face.

 

      “Hey, Bug, can you go wait for us in the kitchen?  Pour your brother a glass of water and we’ll come join you in a minute.”  Getting Yuji out of the room would definitely make it easier on him, and giving him a task helps him feel like he’s helping his brother.

 

     Once Yuji’s gone, Nanami goes back to consoling Sukuna.  He puts a hand to the back of the kid’s head and holds him tight.

 

      Nanami’s not sure how much time has passed when Sukuna finally stops screaming.

 

     Nanami feels relieved as he pushes Sukuna’s bangs back.  “You’re alright, I’ve got you.”

 

      Sukuna tenses before clinging to the front of Nanami’s shirt.  “Nanami,” the word comes out in a hoarse sob.  “Something was in here!”

 

      “I know, Dumpling.  It was just a dream, you’re safe.”  Nanami’s heart breaks for his kid.  He can’t even begin to imagine how the poor kid is feeling.

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “no!  It was that thing!  It was looking at me!  It’s gonna hurt me!”

 

     Sukuna’s words all blur together in a mess of sobs, but Nanami’s able to understand.  “Nothing is going to hurt you.  I won’t let anything touch you, you hear me?”  God, Nanami would put himself in front of four Special-Grade Curses if he had to.  He’d kill every single Curse on this planet if it meant keeping his kids safe.

 

     Sukuna doesn’t say a word, instead he presses himself further into Nanami.

 

      Nanami is at a loss, sure Sukuna’s not screaming anymore, but his frantic and hysterical sobs only seem to be getting worse.  “Breathe, Dumpling, you’re ok.”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, “no!”  He looks around frantically, searching for whatever he saw in his dream.

 

     Nanami moves to hold Sukuna’s face in his hands.  “Sukuna, baby, please,” Nanami brushes Sukuna’s tears away.  “I need you to take deep breaths with me, ok?”

 

     Sukuna shakes his head, pulling away.  He wraps his arms around himself, he opens his mouth to speak before jumping out of his skin, letting out a terrible shriek.

 

      Nanami jumps too, looking in the direction Sukuna’s turned to to find a large shadow.  Sukuna’s nightlight is usually enough to keep Sukuna calm, but it seems like the shadows it’s casting is just making it worse.

 

     Nanami decides to get up to turn the light on, surely that would help.

 

     Sukuna lets out a cry so raw that it crushes Nanami.  “No!  Dad, please don’t leave me in here!”

 

     Nanami stops, did this kid really see him like that?  He guesses that he is like their dad in a way, but he never thought the kids would ever call him dad.  It’s sweet, though he does wish that it hadn’t been because Sukuna is so upset.

 

     Nanami scoops the kid up and holds him tight, he should’ve known better than to just get up and head towards the door.  “I’m not leaving, sweetheart.  I’m gonna turn the light on, that’s all.”

 

      Nanami flicks the light on, “alright Dumpling, do you see it anywhere?”

 

     Sukuna peeks his head out from Nanami’s shirt looking around the room.  He shakes his head, “no.”

 

      “That’s because it was just a dream, Honey.  It was never in here.”  Nanami smooths Sukuna’s hair down.

 

     “It wasn’t in here?”

 

     Nanami shakes his head, “no.  Do you feel a little better now?”

 

     Sukuna nods.  He wasn’t breathing at exactly the normal pace, and his eyes still watered, but he wasn’t in hysterics like he was a moment ago.

 

     “Good, then why don’t we go to the kitchen and get you something to drink?”

 

 

     Gojo feels awful, he’s in so much pain he feels like he can’t function.  Megumi fell asleep before Gojo had managed to lift himself off the bathroom floor.  A good thing since he doesn’t have to hide how much pain he’s really in.

 

     Headaches are a pretty common occurrence for him.  Just one of the perks of being the world’s strongest Sorcerer.

 

      Gojo grabs his blindfold off the nightstand before quietly stumbling back out of his room.

 

       He keeps the lights off, they would only make the stabbing pain behind his eyes worse.

 

      He wraps the blindfold around his eyes.  The action is clumsy, he hasn’t put on his blindfold in a long time.  Being able to easily gauge facial expressions and maintain eye contact are important for a kid so he usually opts to wear the sunglasses instead.

 

     Once the blindfold is on, he flops on the couch, letting out a quiet groan.  He has a few hours of quiet suffering before Megumi wakes up…

 

      Well, wakes up again.   Guilt creeps into his chest.  He should have been more considerate of Megumi when he’d woken up.  The pain of his head woke him and all he could think about was getting to the bathroom before he could puke all over the carpet.

 

      Oh well, he can’t dwell on that now, the most he can do now is try to relax until Megumi wakes up.

 

 

     Megumi wakes to the smell of bacon.  He sits up, rubbing his eyes.  What’s Gojo doing up?  If his head hurt that badly last night then he should still be resting.

 

     He hops off the bed and heads to the kitchen.  The first thing Megumi notices is that Gojo’s wearing his blindfold.  He frowns, Gojo never wears his blindfold.  “You’re wearing your blindfold?”

 

      Gojo hums, sliding the slightly burnt bacon onto the plate with the pancakes.  “I felt like wearing it.”

 

     Megumi guesses that’s an acceptable answer.  “Are you feeling better?”

 

     “Yup!  Don’t you worry about me!”  Gojo turns to face him, two plates in hand.  “You hungry, Gremlin?”

 

    Breakfast is quiet.  It’s weird, usually Gojo will babble about anything. That pops into his head.

 

     Megumi notices that Gojo also has less food on his plate than Megumi.  Odd, usually Gojo eats a lot.  “Aren’t you hungry?”

 

     “What?”  Gojo frowns, it’s hard to tell but Megumi would guess he’s confused.

 

      “You don’t have as much food as you normally do.”

 

      “Oh,” Gojo pauses, “my stomach just needs some more time to settle, don’t worry about it.”

 

     But Megumi is worried about it.  How can Gojo just sit there and tell him not to?  Megumi shakes it off, he’ll just make sure to stay out of Gojo’s way today so he can focus on getting better.

 

 

     Sukuna wakes up on the floor surrounded by pillows and blankets.

 

      He felt, fuzzy?  That’s the best way to describe it.  His head probably feels that way because he’s still tired.

 

      Sukuna’s eyes droop, just as he’s about to fall asleep he’s startled awake by his own sneeze.

 

     Nanami lets out a hum as he pulls Sukuna closer.  “You’re alright, Dumpling,” his words slur together, and it’s obvious that he’s still half asleep.

 

      Sukuna sneezes again, well now he’s awake.  “Nanami?”

 

     Nanami hums, “yes, baby?”

 

     Sukuna chews on his lip, he’s not sure what he wanted from Nanami, he just… wanted his attention.  “I’m sorry for waking you and Yuji up.”

 

     “No, that’s alright.  Wasn’t your fault.”

 

     Sukuna knows that, but still, Nanami and Yuji decided to make a pillow fort and sleep on the floor with him because he didn’t even want to go in the hallway last night, let alone all the way to Nanami’s room.  Sleeping on the floor isn’t exactly comfortable after all.

 

      Sukuna puts a hand over Nanami’s.  He doesn’t know why but something feels tight in his chest.  “Nanami?”  Sukuna’s voice comes out quiet.

 

     “Yes?  What’s wrong?”

 

     Sukuna sniffs, moving to rub at his face.  “I don’t know… something’s just wrong.”

 

      “Oh, it’s alright Dumpling.”  Nanami moves to run his fingers through Sukuna’s hair only to stop halfway through the action.  Nanami pauses before moving to move his hand onto Sukuna’s forehead.  “Honey, you’re burning up.  Are you feeling ok?”  Nanami’s hand moves from his forehead to the back of his neck.

 

      Before he can answer, Sukuna lets out a sneeze.  Was he sick?  He felt a little run down but other than that he felt fine.

 

      Nanami sighs, moving his hand back to Sukuna’s forehead.  “Oh, Baby, I think you have a fever.”

 

      That would explain why Nanami’s hands are so cold.  “Figures,” of course he had a fever, because why wouldn’t he after the night he had.

 

     “It’s alright.  It’s probably just a cold.  We’ll just take it easy for today, ok?”

 

 

     Gojo can do this.  Really, he can.  He’s the world’s strongest sorcerer, he can handle a headache.

 

     The blindfold has helped slightly.  The glasses don’t cover his eyes as much so they’re not as effective as the fabric wrapped around his eyes.  He feels bad for wearing the blindfold though, he can tell that Megumi’s having a hard time not being able to see Gojo’s face properly.

 

     It’s actually surprising how much Megumi relies on being able to see Gojo’s facial expressions.  Anytime Gojo’s talked to Megumi the kid’s been hesitant.  He stares at Gojo’s face with a puzzling look on his face.  Gojo never realized that Megumi uses facial expressions as a way to base his responses.

 

     Maybe he will take the blindfold off, Megumi’s needs are more important to him than his own anyway.  So, with tremendous effort, Gojo pulls himself from the couch and to his room.

 

     When Gojo takes his blindfold off the whole world spins.  The regret he feels is instant and he finds himself quickly tying the item back onto his head.  Megumi will just have to deal with not seeing Gojo’s eyes for today.

 

 

     Gojo won’t let Megumi help him.  It’s frustrating to say the least.  He’s not acting like himself and it’s driving Megumi mad.  And anytime he asks Gojo about it he changes the subject!  How is Megumi supposed to help if Gojo won’t let him?

 

      He probably doesn’t feel good still.  Gojo claims he’s alright but Megumi can’t help but feel anxious.  He wants to help Gojo but what can he do?

 

      Gojo’s been in his room for a while.  Maybe he’s taking a nap?

 

     Megumi paces around the living room for a little.  He wants to help Gojo somehow without pushing too much.  He already picked up all his toys what else could he do?

 

      Megumi’s stomach growls.  All this worrying is making him hungry.  Maybe he should grab a snack?

 

     He could make Gojo something too, that would definitely help.

 

     It’s decided then, he’d make lunch today.  He heads to the kitchen before digging through the fridge.  There’s some leftover chicken in the fridge that can definitely be used for sandwiches so he pulls that out.

 

     What else is there?  Gojo usually gives Megumi some sort of vegetable with lunch so he should probably grab that.  Megumi look around before deciding on cucumber since Gojo really likes it.

 

     Now that Megumi’s arms are full he closes the fridge and drops the two items on the counter.  He’ll get anything else he needs later but for now he’ll focus on these two.

 

     He sets to plates out before grabbing bread from the pantry.  This will be great, if Gojo doesn’t have to get up and make them lunch then he can keep resting.  Megumi should’ve thought of this sooner.

 

     The sandwiches don’t take too long, the chicken is already sliced so he just puts in on the bread and calls it a day.

 

     Next is the cucumber, Gojo normally slices it so that’s what he’ll do too.  Megumi goes over to the drawer where the utensils are before hesitating, Gojo probably wouldn’t like him using a knife without him present.  Megumi isn’t really sure why, but there’s a lot of things that Gojo doesn’t like him doing unsupervised that Megumi used to do all the time.

 

     Megumi grabs the knife anyway.  He used to cut things all by himself before he lived with Gojo so he didn’t see why it was a big deal.

 

     Megumi gets to cutting.  Megumi watches Gojo make lunch all the time so he knows that Gojo typically cuts up the whole thing to give to both of them.

 

     About halfway through cutting Megumi hears a door open.  “Megumi?”

 

       Megumi frowns, Gojo sounds tired.  “I’m in here!”

 

      “What’re you doing in the kitchen?”  Gojo appears in the doorway.

 

     “I’m making lunch,” when Megumi looks up he sees the frown on Gojo’s face.

 

      “Megs, you shouldn’t use that by yourself,” Gojo moves towards Megumi as he talks.  “Give me…” Gojo trails off, swaying as he takes one more step before his knee buckles and he crumples to the floor.

 

     Megumi jumps mid-cut, brining the knife down the rest of the way in the process.  “GOJO!”

 

     Megumi drops what he’s doing and rushes to the man.  He sits next to him, immediately moving to pull Gojo’s blindfold off.

 

      He stops midway at the sight of blood pooling in his left hand, he must’ve cut it when Gojo fell.

 

     It’s weird how the cut doesn’t hurt, but seeing the wound makes Megumi feel anxious.  His breathing picks up it’s own ace as he lets out a whimper.  He fights back the tears that threaten to spill, he can’t freak out, Gojo needs him.

 

     So, with his uninjured hand he lifts Gojo’s blindfold up.  Gojo looks terrible , his face is pinched in a pained expression, even when he’s unconscious, and now that Megumi’s looking at him closer he’s pale and covered in sweat.

 

     The most alarming thing to Megumi, though it’s the massive cut going across the side of Gojo’s face.  Now that he’s pulled the blindfold off the injury is free to bleed out onto the kitchen tiles.

 

     Megumi presses the blindfold up to the cut. God, what does he do?  He’s just a kid, he can’t do anything!  He needs someone who can actually help, like Ms. Shoko.

 

      Megumi uses his free hand to feel around for Gojo’s phone.  He’s starting to panic, it hasn’t even been a minute and Megumi can already feel the blood soaking through the blindfold.

 

       He finds the phone on his second search through Gojo’s pockets.  He opens it up, pressing buttons randomly. He’s not entirely sure how phones work, but the button with the green phone icon has to do something right?  So he presses the green button and puts the phone to his ear.

 
Notes:

    This winded up getting long so I ended it sooner that I had planned. I have this headcanon that Gojo gets awful migraines because of his Six Eyes so I thought that I would include it in the story

    P.S. Please do not talk about the manga stuff in the comments, I am pretending like everything is fine and dandy.

Chapter 32: Phone Call
Summary:

    “I don’t feel good,” a sob makes its way past the kid’s lips. “Can’t you fix it?”

     

    TRIGGER WARNING:
    - Description of injuries

Notes:

    Step aside, Gege! I write Jujutsu Kaisen now!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

 

     School just hasn’t been the same these last few months.  It’s been quiet since Satoru’s been staying at home.

 

     Geto stares out the window as Yaga talks about something.  He hates this, he hardly sees Satoru anymore now that he’s got that kid to look after.

 

     Megumi, a voice in the back of his mind reminds him that kid has a name.  Who names their son Megumi anyway?  Did they not care that that’s a girl’s name?   He thinks people like that shouldn’t be allowed to have kids.  If you can’t even do something as simple as naming your kid then how can you be trusted to take care of them?

 

      Geto thinks that Yaga is explaining some math equation when his phone goes off.  He fished it out of his pocket, frowning.  That’s Satoru’s ringtone, why would he be calling him in the middle of school?

 

     Geto makes eye contact with Yaga, a silent request to be excused.

 

     Once Yaga shoos him away, Geto leaves the classroom before answering the phone.  “Satoru?  What-“

 

     “Geto?!”  The voice on the other end is frantic and is definitely not Satoru.

 

     “Megumi?”  Geto doesn’t like this, something is definitely wrong.  “Is everything ok?”

 

     Megumi starts sobbing, his explanation coming out a jumbled mess that Geto can’t even begin to decipher.

 

     He’s pretty sure the poor kid is having a panic attack if the loud gasps on the other line are anything to go off of.  “Megumi, I need you to calm down.  I don’t know what you’re saying.”

 

     “Just come, please!   I need you!”

 

     Now, Geto isn’t going to sit here and pretend like he likes this kid.  He doesn’t, and how Shoko disagrees with him he’ll never know.  But, hearing Megumi so desperate leaves a tight feeling in his chest.  “Alright, I’m on my way.”

 

 

     Nanami knows that Sukuna isn’t feeling good.  For one, the kid’s been clingy all day.  Nanami doesn’t mind that Sukuna’s been following him around all day, holding his hand wherever he goes, but it’s concerning to say the least.

 

      It’s odd, usually Yuji is the one attached to Nanami all day.  But when Yuji woke up and found out that Sukuna was sick he decided to hang back for most of the day.  He was still in the room, he was just giving Sukuna the space he needed.  It was endearing really, they looked out for each other so well.

 

     Sukuna left to go grab something.  Sukuna’s been very adamant that he’s fine but maybe if he sits the kid down and has a real conversation about it he’ll open up. He’ll have to ask Sukuna about it again after lunch.

 

      Nanami’s decided that soup would be good for lunch.  Whenever he didn’t feel good his mother would make soup for him so he figured he’d make some for Sukuna as well.

 

     There’s a tug on his shirt, “Nanami?”  The voice is quiet and shaky.

 

     Nanami looks down to find Sukuna, face flushed with tears rolling down his cheeks.  He holds the sweatshirt he stole from Nanami tight to his chest.

 

     “Oh, Dumpling,” Nanami puts down what he’s working on, wiping his hands on his shirt before picking Sukuna up.  “What’s wrong, Honey?”

 

    “I don’t feel good,” a sob makes its way past the kid’s lips.  “Can’t you fix it?”

 

     Nanami’s heart shatters, he rubs Sukuna’s back.  The kid’s definitely warmer than he was this morning, and he must be feeling awful if he came to Nanami to comfort him.  “Can you tell me what hurts, baby?”

 

     “Everything!”  The hold Sukuna has on Nanami’s neck tightens, “my back and my throat and my head and everything!”

 

      Nanami smooths Sukuna’s hair down.  “Alright, I’ll finish lunch later.  Let’s go take your temperature.”  Nanami turns the stove off before moving the pot off the burner.

 

     They head to the bathroom.  Nanami places Sukuna down to sit on the edge of the bathtub before digging through the drawers.

 

     Once he finds what he’s looking for he turns back to Sukuna.  The poor kid looks absolutely miserable.   Nanami bends down so that they’re oat eye level, “open up.”

 

     Sukuna does as he’s told.  Nanami holds the thermometer still as Sukuna does his best not to squirm at the unpleasant feeling.

 

     They sit in silence until the thermometer beeps.  Nanami pulls it away, frowning at the number.  “101.1, that’s definitely a fever.”

 

     Sukuna groans, hopping to his feet before flopping on Nanami’s chest.  “This sucks.”

 

     Nanami can’t help but smile, pulling Sukuna close.  “Yes, it does suck.”

 

     Sukuna buries his face in the crook of Nanami’s neck.  “Can’t you fix it?”  His voice cracks at the end, and the pain in his words makes Nanami want to cry with him.

 

     “Oh, Dumpling,” Nanami rubs Sukuna’s back.  “How about this, you can take a nice warm bath, then after that I’ll make you some soup and we’ll watch a movie together.  How does that sound?”

 

     “Sounds good.”

 

 

     It takes longer to get to Satoru’s place than Geto would like.  Before Megumi, Satoru’s dorm was right next to Geto’s, but since he had to move into one of the large living units, he lives all the way on the other side of the campus.

 

      Geto walks up to the door, he goes to open it only to find it’s locked.  Geto curses, he forgot that Gojo’s been locking the door ever since that incident with the Zenin clan a few weeks ago.  He used to be able to walk right in.

 

     He bangs on the door a little harder than necessary.  “Megumi?!  Open the damn door!”

 

     Geto curses when there’s no answer.  He thinks about how panicked Megumi sounded on the phone, and he suddenly finds himself ramming his shoulder into the wood.

 

      After a few tries, Geto gets impatient and summons one of his curses to break the door down.  Satoru is so gonna kill him later.

 

     Geto heads into the house to find all the lights off.  “Megumi!?”

 

     “Geto!?”

 

     He follows the frantic voice all the way to the kitchen.  When he gets there he’s met with quite the scene.

 

      There, sprawled out in the middle of the floor is Satoru, his hair and clothes covered in blood.  Next to him is Megumi, who had one hand pressed firmly to Gojo’s head and the other brought in close to his chest.  Geto also notes that the left side of Megumi’s face is caked in blood.

 

     Geto’s at their side in an instant, “what happened?”

 

     “I don’t know I-“ Megumi takes in a gasp of air.  “He woke up last night sick but he said he was fine and he just-“ Megumi chokes on his sob, his panic is so overwhelming that it’s making Geto’s chest hurt on the kid’s behalf.

 

     “Alright, it’s ok.  Breathe, Demon.”  Geto takes an exaggerated breath in to demonstrate.  “Why was he sick?”

 

    “He said he had a headache.”

 

     “Shit,” Geto curses under his breath.  He can’t think of a time when Satoru’s migraines have gotten this bad.  He looks to the hand pressed to Satoru’s head, finding his blindfold wadded up in the kid’s hand.  He’s got to admit, he’s impressed at how quickly the kid acted and how resourceful he was.  “He hit his head when he fainted?”

 

     Megumi nods.  “I didn’t know what to do,” the sob that follows is so heartbreaking, god Geto feels so bad for this kid.

 

     “It’s alright, you did the right thing calling someone.  Stay here.  I’m gonna get the first aid kit from the bathroom.”  Geto doesn’t even wait for Megumi to respond, he’s glad that he’d helped move Satoru’s stuff otherwise he wouldn’t know where everything is.

 

     He makes it back in record speed.  He sits back down with Megumi.  “Alright, move your hand.”

 

     Megumi moves his hand to meet the other one at his chest.  He cradles his left hand with his right.

 

     Geto frowns, turning his attention onto Megumi, the kid isn’t looking much better than Satoru if he was being honest.  “Megumi, are you alright?”

 

     Megumi gives him a shaky nod, “I’m alright just help Gojo.”

 

     Geto stares at the kid for another moment.  He’s fine, kids tell you when something is wrong so he would’ve said so.  He turns his attention back to Satoru.  He lifts his friend’s head up before placing it in his lap.

 

     Geto brushes Satoru’s bangs back very gently, revealing the huge gash down his temple.  He sighs, “damn moron.”  There’s no real heat behind Geto’s words.  After all, it’s not Satoru’s fault that he has chronic migraines.  Satoru did, however, pretend like nothing was wrong and push himself.  They’d have to work on that again.

 

     Geto digs in the first aid kit, grabbing a rag.  “Demon, go run this under the sink for me.”

 

     Megumi takes the rag in his right hand, keeping the left close to his chest.

 

     Geto frowns at that, Megumi’s acting awfully strange.  He’s about to open his mouth to question the kid when Satoru groans in his sleep.

 

     Geto turns his attention back to Satoru.  His friend’s eyes are screwed shut, but he shows no sign of waking up anytime soon.  “You’re alright, Satoru.  I’ve got you.”

 

     “Here,” Megumi hands Geto the fabric.

 

     Geto takes it, “now I want you to get a hand towel from the bathroom, the light blue one in the closet.”

 

     Megumi leaves again.  Perfect, no need to have a panicked little kid hovering over him while he works.  Geto wipes Satoru’s face the best he can.  He tries to get a good look at the cut while he cleans it.  It looks deep, but nothing a few butterfly bandages won’t fix.

 

     “Now what?”  Geto jumps at Megumi’s sudden appearance, damn that kid moved quietly.

 

     “Run it under water and stick it in the fridge.”

 

     Megumi looks at Geto, it’s clear he’s confused but he complies before going to sit back down with him.  “How come I put it in the fridge?”

 

     “When we get him in bed we’ll put it over his eyes, the cold should help.”  Geto tosses the rag aside before digging through the kit again.

 

     “Is he gonna be ok?”

 

      The worry behind Megumi’s voice makes Geto pause.  He can’t think of many people that would worry about the strongest jujutsu sorcerer like that.  “He‘ll be fine.”

 

 

     As terrible as Sukuna feels right now, he has to admit the attention Nanami’s giving him is nice.

 

      The bubble bath smells like watermelon, and the shampoo Nanami’s massaging into his scalp is the green apple one he picked out.  Sukuna closes his eyes, god he didn’t realize how bad his head hurt until just now.

 

     Nanami talks softly as he sits on the edge of the tub.  It’s mindless babble, Sukuna’s not even really sure what he’s talking about, but hearing his voice is more comforting than he’d ever admit.

 

     “Lean your head back.”

 

      Sukuna does what he’s told.  He feels Nanami use his hand to block the soapy water from spilling into his eyes as Nanami rinses the soap from his hair.

 

     When Nanami’s done he runs his fingers through Sukuna’s hair.  Sukuna hums, leaning into the touch.

 

     Nanami chuckles, leaning over and placing a kiss to Sukuna’s forehead.  “Feeling any better?”

 

     Sukuna shrugs, he guesses he does.  The warm water is making him less cold and his body doesn’t hurt as much anymore.

 

      Sukuna’s glad he has Nanami.  He’s kind and he makes Sukuna feel loved and safe.  He’s glad Nanami is his dad.

 

 

     It took some time, but Geto finally wrapped Satoru’s head to the best of his abilities.  He’s glad basic first aid is something that they learn in class.

 

     Geto maneuvers himself so that Satoru’s no longer on him.  “Alright, time to get him in bed.”

 

      “I’ll help.”

 

      “Funny,” Geto doesn’t even look at Megumi.  How could that kid possibly help?  He’s not even half Satoru’s size!  “No.  I got it.”

 

     It takes less effort that Geto thought it would to throw Satoru over his shoulder.  He’s lighter than Geto remembers… weird.

 

     Geto can tell Megumi is following him.  He understands why but it doesn’t make it any less annoying.

 

     When he gets to Satoru’s room he nearly trips on the tiny dog slippers in the doorway.  Why the hell were they just sitting there?  This isn’t even the kid’s room!

 

     Geto sighs, forcing his annoyance down.  Megumi’s had quite the scare today, he doesn’t think Satoru would like it very much if Geto yelled at the kid on top of it.

 

     Geto places Satoru down a little rougher than he intended to.  Oh well, it’s probably fine.  “Alright, Demon, let’s-“ Geto trails off, turning to face Megumi for the first time in a while.

 

     The kid’s pale and he sways on his feet.  Panic bubbles up in Geto’s chest, “Megumi are you alright?”

 

     The kid shakes his head, “don’t feel good.”

 

     Geto moves to steady the kid, placing his hands on his shoulder.  That’s when he finally notices the blood dripping down Megumi’s arm.  “Megumi, show me your hand.”

 

     Megumi complies, moving the hand down from its elevated position.  There’s a massive gash across the kid’s hand.  It’s bleeding pretty heavily.

 

      Geto inwardly curses at himself.  How did he not notice?  No, he did, he knew the kid was being weird, but Satoru was far more important to him at the time.  “Shit, why didn’t you say anything?”

 

     Megumi leans into Geto’s hold.  “Gojo needed you.”

 

      God, Satoru really was gonna kill him when he woke up.  “Ok, ok.”  It’s taking everything in his power not to yell at this stupid kid.  “Alright, come on, you dumbass.”

 

     When Geto stands Megumi grabs his hand with the uninjured one.  Geto stares down at the kid in surprise, last he checked they were supposed to hate each other.  Geto can’t seem to hate Megumi right now.

 

     Geto leads the kid into the bathroom.  “Sit.  I’m getting the first aid kit.”

 

     “Geto?”

 

      Geto pauses before turning back to Megumi.  “What, Demon?”

 

     “Thank you.”
Notes:

    Another chapter done! I was gonna write more but it was getting long and it felt like a good place to end it. This story is how I cope with jjk and with the anime and all the leaks for the manga… yeah I’ll be writing this a bunch. See you guys soon!

    P.S. No manga spoilers in the comments, or I’ll fight you (jk jk… unless? 👀)

Chapter 33: Stitches
Summary:

    Megumi takes a stuttering breath in, “no more. No more, please.”

     

    TRIGGER WARNINGS:
    - Treating injuries
    - Referenced child abuse

Notes:

    I’m back! This chapter has been split in two because it got really long! So if the chapter’s ending feels a little awkward you know why

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 



       “Will you please sit still!?”  In Geto’s annoyance he accidentally pulls Megumi’s arm closer to him.

 

     Megumi yelps in surprise.  “I’m trying, you’re not good at it like Ms. Shoko.”

 

      Geto clenches his jaw, “don’t be ungrateful!  I could just leave you to bleed out on the floor you know!”  He wouldn’t, Satoru would kill him if he did, but Megumi doesn’t know that.

 

     “I know, I’m sorry.” Megumi seems anxious, suddenly going to chew on his lip.  “It just hurts.”

 

     Geto sighs, he’s really gotta work on being nicer to this kid.  “No, I know.  It’s just stressful.  It’s easier when you do it on yourself.”  Geto’s only ever stitched himself up, it’s easier to tell what you’re doing when you can feel everything.

 

     “You shouldn’t do that.”

 

     “What,” Geto feels bad for snapping when he sees Megumi shrink in on himself a little.

 

     “Gojo says people should rely on others for help.”

 

      Geto tries not to react, but the way Megumi says it like he’s heard Satoru say it a hundred times leaves a tight feeling in his chest.  “Well, sometimes no one’s there to help.”

 

     They fall into silence after that.  Geto tries his absolute hardest not to knick Megumi while he’s working, but it proves to be an impossible task.

 

     “Hey, Demon, what did you do to your hand anyway?”  Geto hadn’t really thought much about it till now.

 

     “I was making lunch.  I was cutting when Gojo fell.  It scared me and I missed.”

 

     Geto winces, the damn kid was lucky he didn’t cut his damn finger off.  “You’re lucky you still have all your fingers.”

 

     Megumi winces as he pulls away.

 

      “Hey!  What did I-“

 

      “I’m sorry!”  Megumi sounds a little too frantic in his apology.  “I’m trying, I’m sorry.”

 

     Geto sighs, “I know, Demon.  No need to freak out I’m not mad.”  Was Megumi always this jumpy?  No, normally he’s got much more of an attitude.  He’s just hurt and shaken up.

 

     Geto holds out his hand, waiting for Megumi to hold his hand back out.  It’s fine if the kid needs to pause for a minute, but he’s already lost a lot of blood.  It’s better if Geto finishes sooner rather than later.

 

     Megumi hesitantly holds his hand out.  “Can you try and be careful?”

 

     Geto takes a deep breath in, he’s been trying to be careful this whole time.  He can’t get mad, the poor kid’s been through a lot today.  And, in his defense, he probably isn’t being careful in comparison to someone like Shoko.  “I’m doing my best here, Demon.”

 

     Geto puts the needle through Megumi’s hand again.  The kid is shaking like a damn leaf, but at least he didn’t jerk his hand away again.  “Good job, I’m almost done.”

 

     He goes to do another stitch, this time he misses and stabs the poor kid again.

 

     Megumi jumps letting out a cry.

 

     Geto looks up, Megumi’s clearly hit his limit with how much he can take.  “Hey, kid, breathe.”

 

     Megumi takes a stuttering breath in, “no more.  No more, please.”

 

     God, Megumi sounds desperate.  “I know, kid, I know.  We’re almost done.”  Geto feels bad, like the kid or not he doesn’t deserve this.  “Megumi, look at me.”

 

     Megumi looks at Geto with tear tracks running down his blood-stained face.

 

      “I know it hurts.  And I know it sucks ass.  But I promise, just two more, ok?  If I don’t finish your hand won’t heal right.”  

 

     Megumi stares at him a moment longer before nodding. 

 

     “Do you want a minute to calm down?”  He doesn’t want to take a break.  Geto wants to get this over with as soon as possible, but if Megumi needs space to breathe Geto will give it to him.

 

     Megumi shakes his head.  “No, I can do it.  Curses don’t stop and neither can you.”

 

     Geto frowns at that.  Those aren’t the words of a four-year-old.  “Are you sure?”

 

     Megumi nods, “it’s still gonna hurt if we wait.”

 

     “Fair point.”  So Geto takes Megumi’s hand again, determined to do the last two stitches as carefully as humanly possible.

 

 

     Sukuna thinks, for a moment, that Nanami is going to wind up getting sick.  Even when his mom used to sit with him, she wouldn’t let him curl up on her chest like Nanami is doing now.  But, it is nice, he can’t remember the last time he let himself have this much attention. 

 

      Nanami runs a hand through his hair absentmindedly.

 

     Everytime Sukuna takes a breath in, his chest rattles and it doesn’t feel quite right.  But that’s ok, because Nanami is right here with him.

 

     Sukuna stares at the tv blearily.  He’s tired, but he just can’t seem to fall asleep.  “Hey, Dad?”  He doesn’t even register that he’s talking until the words leave his mouth. 

 

    The hand working through Sukuna’s hair pauses for a moment before resuming the motion.  “Yes, Dumpling?”

 

     “Won’t you get sick too?”  He doesn’t really want to get Nanami sick.  As nice as this is, he’d rather suffer alone if it means Nanami will be ok.

 

      “Oh, don’t worry about that.  I’ll be ok.  Besides, if it’s making you feel better then it’s worth it.”

 

     Sukuna smiles, Nanami really does love them, doesn’t he?  “Nanami?”

 

      “Yes, Honey?”

 

      “Thank you.”

 

 

     “Alright!  All done!”  Geto stands back to admire his work.

 

      Megumi looks at his mummified hand.  “I can’t move my hand.”

 

     “That’s the idea, if you can’t move it you can’t tear the stitches.”  Honestly, Geto just didn’t want to have to stitch his hand up again.  

 

     Megumi stands up, he sways on his feet and Geto swears it shaved years off his lifespan.

 

    Geto stares at Megumi, the kid’s an absolute mess, but that shouldn’t matter.  He’s done more than enough, he should just leave now.  Who cares if Megumi’s probably anemic right now and absolutely caked in both his own and Satoru’s blood?  That’s not his problem, but Satoru wouldn’t be happy if he left the kid in this state.

 

     Geto sighs, god this is annoying.  “C’mon, Demon, lets get you outta those clothes.  You’re a damn mess.”

 

     Megumi takes a couple very shaky steps forward before looking up at Geto.  Dark circles have found refuge under the kid’s eyes.  “I can do it myself.  You’ve done a lot already.”

 

     “Nope, sorry, not getting rid of me that easy.  I’d have to be a massive ass to leave you by yourself.”  Though, he did think about leaving the kid… does that just make him an ass instead of a massive one?  “Take a damn seat before you fall over, I’ll get you a change of clothes.”

 

     Geto doesn’t wait for a response.  The sooner he takes care of the kid the sooner he can go back to focusing on Satoru.

 

     Geto grabs the first pair of pajamas he finds in Megumi’s drawer.  They’re a navy blue with a plethora of obnoxious, brightly colored fish all over the fabric.

 

      When Geto gets back he finds Megumi sitting back on the edge of the bathtub.  The kid looks like he’s about to fall asleep sitting up.

 

     “Alright, let’s get these off and wipe you down.”  Geto moves to sit in front of Megumi.

 

     Megumi frowns, obviously confused.  “Why?  Can’t I just change?”

 

     Geto stares at the kid, is he being serious right now?  “In case you forgot, you’re covered in blood there, kid.”

 

     “Oh, ok.”  Megumi hops back up, his hands going right to Geto’s shoulders when he realizes he can barely keep his balance.

 

     Geto sighs, carefully pulling the ruined shirt over Megumi’s head.  He feels awkward, this is a parent’s job, not his.

 

     But it’s not a parent’s job… it’s Satoru’s.  Some morbid voice in the back of his mind reminds him of that.  Suddenly, Geto feels nauseous.  He’d spent so much of his time helping Satoru, to preserve what he had left of his childhood and to undo the trauma he’d had to endure.  And now, it seemed that all of Geto’s work was for naught.  Now Satoru had to be the adult, he had to because Megumi needed him to.

 

     The pants were the next thing to go, they weren’t nearly as dirty as Megumi’s shirt, but the blood pooling in his hands did manage to drop onto them. 

     God, Geto feels so out of his element.  He doesn’t even like being in the same room as Megumi, much less two feet in front of the kid while he’s clad in his underwear.  “Alright, let’s get this over with.”

 

     Geto reaches over and grabs the washcloth that was hanging on the sink before letting the water run for a moment in the bathtub.  Once the water was a bit warmer than room temperature he ran the washcloth under it.  

 

     Geto holds Megumi’s face in his hands, carefully tilting it so that the left half was facing him.  “Close your eyes.”

 

     Megumi did what he was told, letting Geto wipe the grime away until he could finally see the other half of Megumi’s annoying face.

 

     Geto rinsed the cloth out before moving onto Megumi’s arms.  The left one is particularly bad, but that made sense considering that was the hand that was bleeding.

 

     He wipes down Megumi’s chest and legs next, those took significantly less effort to wipe down.

 

     Now that the front half of Megumi was blood free, it was time to check the back.

 

     “Alright, Demon turn around.”  Geto rinsed out the cloth as he waited for Megumi to move.

 

     Megumi doesn’t move at first, he just stares at Geto like a deer in headlights.  “Do I have to?”

 

     Geto frowns, “well we gotta get you cleaned up so we can make sure Satoru is ok.”

 

     Megumi looks conflicted, it’s obvious he wants to make sure Satoru is ok, but for whatever reason, he’s reluctant to turn around.  “Ok,” Megumi’s voice is barely above a whisper as he slowly turns away from Geto.

 

     The washcloth slips out of Geto’s hand once he gets a good look at Megumi’s back.  He stops breathing, his eyes tracing every jagged, white gash across the kid’s back.  “What the hell?  Kid, what the hell is this?”

 

     “It’s ok. They don’t hurt anymore.”

 

       “That’s not what I asked.”  The longer Geto stares at the scars adorning Megumis back, the sicker he felt.  “What happened?”

 

     “It wasn’t my fault.”  Megumi’s voice comes out weak, like he doesn’t quite believe it.  “Gojo says I’m too little to control the stronger shikiami, so it was dad’s fault for making me.”

 

      Geto’s blood runs cold.  He obviously knew that Megumi had started learning about cursed energy and how to use his technique at a really young age.  But this?  Seeing physical damage?  It leaves Geto feeling sick.

 

     This was cruel, it was abuse.  Now Geto can understand the pure hatred and anger that fills Satoru whenever Megumi’s parents come up in conversation.  “Megumi…”

 

     “Can we stop talking about it now?”  Megumi’s shoulders reach to touch his ears.  “I don’t like it.”

 

     That quiet request seems to snap Geto out of spiraling into a blind rage.  He reaches over to pick up the previously discarded cloth.  “Yeah, whatever you say.”

 

 

     Yuji knows that Sukuna is sick and Nanami needs to take care of him, but man, is he bored.

 

     He does everything with Sukuna, so now Yuji isn’t sure what to do. 


      Nanami and Sukuna fell asleep on the couch awhile ago so whatever he does has to be quiet. 

 

      Maybe he should do something for Sukuna too.  It would be nice to help his brother feel better.  

 

     He can draw him a picture, Sukuna would like that.  Besides, it’s the only thing he really can do for Sukuna without Nanami’s help so he doesn’t really have a choice.

 

     Yuji goes into the cabinet in the kitchen designated for coloring supplies.  Once he has what he needs he heads for the kitchen table.

 

     He sits down, his paper and crayons in front of him.  What to draw?  A pirate maybe?  Sukuna really likes pirates.

 

     Yeah, a pirate works!  He’ll make a cool pirate with a hook and a pet parrot!  It’ll be the best picture of a pirate anyone’s ever seen!

 

     He gets to work, humming to himself as he moves his crayon across the page. 

 

     He hopes Sukuna gets better.  He doesn’t like seeing his brother so miserable.  Once he’s better maybe Nanami can go take them to play with Megumi!  Yuji misses him and it must be lonely to not have a brother around.

 

     Yuji is so thankful for his twin brother, he can’t even imagine being an only child. 

 

      Before Sukuna and him went to live with Nanami Yuji had a best friend that was an only child.  But even though Junpei was an only child he lived in the neighborhood, his house was right next to Yuji’s so they could play every day.  Megumi doesn’t live in a neighborhood.  His house isn’t right next to Yuji’s either, it’s just him and Gojo in that little house.  

 

     It must be lonely.  Yuji should talk to Nanami about figuring out how the three of them can all make more friends.  They can’t be the only three kids that live at the school after all! 

 

     Yuji pushes the thought aside for now.  Right now, he has to focus on drawing!
Notes:

    You know I meant for the twins to be in this like arc thing more but I kinda got wrapped up in Geto and Megumi’s relationship… oh well.

Chapter 34: Favorite People
Summary:

    “Y’know… you’re not so bad when you’re not being a complete bully.”

    Geto stares at him, “thanks… I think. You’re not so bad when you’re not being a complete pain in the ass.”

     

    TRIGGER WARNING
    - Reference to child abuse again

Notes:

    I am back wit the second half of the chapter! I realized before I’d posted this that the twins weren’t in it at all so I had to put a scene in there real quick before I posted it.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Geto’s being weirdly nice… well, nicer than usual that is.  It’s honestly a relief because Megumi doesn’t really feel up to arguing with him right now.

 

      Geto manages to finally pull Megumi’s shirt on over his head.  He then stands up, looking rather pleased with himself.  “There, all done!”

 

     Megumi attempts a smile, but he’s sure it looks forced.

 

     If his smile was bad Geto doesn’t react to it, he simply turns and heads back out the door.  “Alright, on to issue number two.”

 

     Megumi follows him to the kitchen, watching him pull the rag from before out of the fridge.

 

     Geto’s talking to him now, Megumi’s sure he is, but he just can’t seem to make any of it out.  The world sways a little, or maybe he’s swaying, it’s hard to tell.  One thing’s for sure, something is wrong and Megumi feels really bad.  “Geto?”

 

     Geto stops whatever he was saying, “what’s up?”

 

      “I don’t feel good.”  Megumi looks down at his feet, chewing anxiously on his lip.  He feels bad, Geto should be helping Gojo, instead he has to focus on him because Megumi couldn’t suck it up.

 

     Geto sighs before kneeling so that his face is him Megumi’s view.  He puts a hand up to Megumi’s forehead.

 

     The warmth from his hand is a welcoming sensation and he finds himself leaning into Geto’s touch.

 

     Geto pulls away, “you’ve lost too much blood, kiddo.  Here, take this and put it over Gojo’s eyes while I make you something to eat.”

 

      Megumi gives him a shaky nod before taking the blue cloth from Geto.

 

     He heads to Gojo’s room, pushing the door open and poking his head in.  “Gojo?  Are you awake yet?”

 

      Megumi is met with no answer.  He sighs, fully entering the room and hopping up on the bed.

 

     Megumi frowns at the pained expression on Gojo’s face.  He just wants him to feel better.

 

     He places the cool rag carefully over Gojo’s eyes.  He hopes it’ll help.

 

     Megumi hates this, Gojo’s always there to make him feel better, but Megumi can’t really think of something to do for Gojo.

 

     Whenever Megumi’s upset or hurting Gojo usually lays with him and holds Megumi tight.  Megumi lays down beside Gojo, pressing his ear up to Gojo’s chest.

 

     Megumi listens to Gojo’s heartbeat, it’s a comforting sound, the thrumming proves to Megumi that everything is going to be fine.

 

     Megumi fists Gojo’s shirt in his uninjured hand.  This is nice, Megumi finds himself relaxing some.

 

     Megumi closes his eyes, he’s just so tired.  Maybe Geto can come wake him up when he’s done.

 

 

     Yuji stares at his masterpiece, holding it up so he can look at it in all its glory.  He made Sukuna the coolest pirate in existence!  He’s got an eyepatch, a big hat, a hook and a parrot!  Those really are all of the pirate necessities.

 

     Now he just has to give it to Sukuna!  When he wakes up that is.  Nanami woke up a little bit ago and is making dinner.  He misses Nanami, he knows Sukuna’s been getting all his attention since he’s sick, but since his brother’s asleep it wouldn’t hurt to spend time with Nanami now, right?

 

     Yuji heads to the kitchen finding Nanami standing over the stove.  He heads over, grabbing the hem of Nanami’s shirt and giving it a tug.  “Nami,” his voice is rough, he hasn’t really been using it the past few days.

 

      Nanami looks down, a smile on his face, “hi, Bug.  What’s up?”

 

     Yuji holds his arms out, “uh,” he was trying to say up, he supposes that’s close enough.

 

     Nanami’s smile seems to brighten at Yuji’s attempt at talking.  He scoops Yuji up, resting him on his hip before going back to cooking.

 

     “Nami,” Yuji taps his hand to his forehead twice to get Nanami’s attention again.

 

     “Yes, Bug?”

 

     Yuji brings his hands in front of him, bringing his eyebrows down before shaking his hands from side to side.  He then points to Nanami before putting his fists on top of each other and twisting his hands twice.  ‘What are you making?’

 

     “Soup, I figured since it’s cold out and since Sukuna is sick I figured it was a good day for it.”

 

     Yuji nods, makes sense to him.  He rests his head on Nanami’s shoulder.  This is nice, Yuji is a very affectionate kid, he finds comfort in the closeness of the people around him.  He didn’t realize how wound up he’d gotten until now.

 

     Nanami sighs, “I’m sorry, sweetie.  I’ve been so concerned with Sukuna, I really should’ve spent some time with you too.”

 

     Yuji shakes his head.  It’s fine, really.  Sukuna had needed Nanami.  and it’s not like Nanami would’ve just ignored Yuji.  If he really needed him Nanami would be there.  He always is.

 

 

     Geto might not be a chef, but he’d have to be stupid to not know how to heat up a frozen pizza.

 

     He’d picked the item because it would be the fastest thing to make.  Geto’s honestly surprised that there’s more than just frozen meals in there, last he checked Satoru couldn’t cook.

 

     Whatever, the good news is that the pizza’s done.  The sooner he gets Megumi to eat the sooner he’ll feel better and the less anixious Geto will feel.

 

     Geto pulls the pizza out of the over before putting a couple slices on both his and Megumi’s plates.  “Alright, Demon!  Come eat!”

 

     Geto doesn’t get a response… well that’s not easing his worries at all.  “Kid?”  Geto heads towards Gojo’s room, he hopes Megumi’s alright.

 

     Oh god, what if he’s not?  God, Geto knew he should’ve just had Megumi lay down instead of going to Satoru’s room.  Man, Satoru’s gonna kill him after all.

 

     Geto opens the door to the bedroom, finding Megumi asleep, pressed up against Satoru’s side.

 

     Geto stares at them.  Megumi may be an annoying brat, but he does genuinely love Satoru… so maybe the kids not a total brat.

 

     Geto walks over, tapping Megumi on the shoulder.  “Hey, Demon, wake up.”

 

     Megumi opens his eyes, clearly confused and dazed.

 

     Geto sighs, bending down to be at the kids eye level.  “Hey-“

 

     Geto’s cut off by the startled yelp the kid lets out.  He hops to his feet, “I’m sorry!  I’m up!”

 

     Geto frowns, “what the hell are you on about?”

 

     Megumi freezes, looking up at Geto.  “Geto… right, sorry.”

 

     “Ok…” man, this kid is weird , “c’mon, before your pizza gets cold.”

 

     “Mkay,” Megumi rubs his eyes before holding his arms out.

 

       Geto stares at Megumi for a moment.  Normally, Geto wouldn’t even humor the idea of picking the brat up, but Megumi isn’t feeling good and he really does look tired.  So, Geto lifts the kid up.

 

     Megumi reacts immediately, clinging to Geto and burying his face in the crook of his neck.

 

      Geto feels out of place again, but Megumi is a kid and he needs comfort so he’ll have to suck it up.

 

      Geto sits Megumi down in front of his pizza and juice.  “Eat, you’ll feel better.”

 

      Megumi doesn’t say a word before wolfing down his pizza.

 

      Geto stares at the kid in shock.  “You like pizza?”

 

      Megumi turns to Geto, swallowing the bite in his mouth.  He nods, “yeah, it’s not healthy though.  But, Gojo says you shouldn’t have to worry all the time about what you eat and just eat what you like.”  Megumi goes back to stuffing his face.

 

      Geto frowns, a sick feeling settling in his stomach.  He vaguely remembers Satoru mentioning Megumi’s initial struggle with eating.  How it used to upset Satoru because the kid had a hard time when it came to stressing over what he was eating, especially for lunch and dinner.  Geto’s glad to see Megumi’s doing better in that regard.

 

     Geto forgets all about the pizza on his plate, far too fascinated by the speed that Megumi is eating the pizza.

 

     Not even a minute later the kid’s slice is done and he’s reaching over to grab another slice from the pan.

 

     Geto slides the pizza closer to the kid.  He sits quietly, this isn’t so bad, maybe he can tolerate the brat after all.

 

     What makes him hate the kid so much anyway?  Geto can’t really put his finger on it.  Sure, the kid annoys him to no end on a normal day, but why?   Why does a child make him so damn mad?

 

     “Hey, how come you’re not being a jerk like normal?”  Megumi’s barely understandable when he talks with his mouth full.

 

     “Well you needed help.  It was kind of hard to mess with you when you were so freaked.”  Honestly, what kind of monster did Megumi think he was?  He wasn’t about to tease the kid when he was panicked and hurt.

 

     “Y’know… you’re not so bad when you’re not being a complete bully.”

 

     Geto stares at him, “thanks… I think.  You’re not so bad when you’re not being a complete pain in the ass.”

 

     Megumi gives a nod, “I’m only a pain because you’re a jerk.”

 

      “Well I’m only a jerk because you’re a pain.”

 

      The two sit in silence for a while after that.  Geto isn’t sure how much time has passed when Megumi breaks the silence, “you know… I think Gojo misses you.”

 

     “He does?”  Geto always assumed that Satoru was just too busy with Megumi.  Whenever Satoru called him it seemed like there was some new disaster that happened that needed all his attention.

 

      “Yeah, I think he’s been avoiding you because he doesn’t like seeing us fight.  I think it makes him sad.”  Megumi looks down at his now empty plate.  “It’s my fault.  Gojo does so much for me and I can’t even manage to get along with his friend.”

 

     Geto stares at Megumi’s sad expression.  Satoru loves this kid so much, anytime him and Geto talk it’s all he ever wants to talk about.  How many conversations have the two of them had where Geto feigns interest as Satoru talks about Megumi?  Suddenly, Geto feels bad.   Megumi means the world to Satoru and he can’t even pretend to like the kid.  “It’s not your fault.  I could’ve done a better job of being nice too.”

 

     After a few moments of silence Geto speaks again, “alright, Demon, time to get some rest.”

 

 

      Geto’s movie is interrupted by a scream.  He jumps to his feet, running towards the kid’s bedroom.

 

     “Megumi!?”  Geto practically rams into the door, finding Megumi in the corner of his room screaming and crying for Satoru.

 

      Geto rushes over, he doesn’t know what to do or how to help, but the poor kid needs him.

 

      Geto crouches down, “Megumi.”

 

     Megumi looks up at him, only to flinch back, smacking the back of his head against the wall.

 

     Geto winces, he knows he’s not Satoru, but that still wasn’t the reaction he was expecting.  “Megumi, it’s ok.”

 

      Geto reaches out to Megumi, only for the kid to press himself as close to the wall as possible.  The kid starts babbling, frantically apologizing and practically begging Geto not to hurt him.

 

     Geto feels like crying.  This poor kid is so scared.  Why does the kid think he’s going to hurt him?  He knows they’re not on the best terms but this is ridiculous.

 

      “Dad, please don’t.”

 

      Geto freezes, he can’t breathe.  He’s not sure why Megumi’s mistaken him for Fushiguro, but what has Geto’s blood rushing in his ears is the fact that Megumi thinks he’s going to hurt him.  “I’m not gonna hurt ya, kid!”

 

     Geto’s panicking now, he’s not sure what to do.  He doesn’t want to freak the kid out any more.  Think, why would Megumi ever mistake him for Fushiguro?  What does he and that bastard have in common?

 

     Geto doesn’t like the idea of comparing himself to that monster, but the sooner he calms Megumi down the better.  Now, what does Fushiguro look like again?

 

      He’s big, Geto’s pretty big too, but not much different than Satoru is so that can’t be the reason.  His hair is pretty short, unlike Geto’s so that can’t be…

 

     Oh.   Geto’s hair is the same color as Fushiguro’s isn’t it?  Geto’s hair might be much longer, but it’s all pulled back into a bun, and in Megumi’s state he probably can’t tell the difference.

 

     “Megumi, Kiddo, listen.”   Geto brings his hand up, ripping the hair tie out of his hair as quickly as he can.  “It’s Geto.  Kid, it’s just me,” his voice is strangely soft, and god, there’s even a waver as he fights back tears.  “It’s Geto.  I’m not gonna hurt you, kid.”

 

     Megumi looks up, surprise shining through his teary eyes.  “Geto?”

 

      God, the relief that washes over Geto is so strong that the tears he’d been holding back finally fall.  “Yeah.  Yeah, it’s me.”

 

     A sob makes its way past Megumi’s lips as he rubs at his eyes.  He whines out Geto’s name, still curled up in the corner.

 

    “Hey, no it’s ok.”  Geto isn’t really sure what to do, but he thinks he actually feels protective over the brat.  He wraps his arms around Megumi.

 

     Megumi hugs him back with a sense of urgency.  He cries hysterically into Geto’s shoulder.

 

     Geto shushes him, placing a hand on Megumi’s head.  “You’re alright.  No one’s gonna hurt you.  I promise, Kiddo.”  And Geto means it, too.  Hell, he’ll kill Fushiguro  before he even lets the man look at Megumi.

 

     “I’m not gonna let anyone hurt you, Demon.”

 

 

    Gojo wakes to a throbbing pain behind his eyes.  It hurts, but it’s not nearly as excruciating as earlier so he supposes that’s good.  He looks over at the alarm clock, reading the blurry numbers on the screen.  It’s four in the morning, he should go back to sleep, but one thing’s bothering him… how did he get in his room?

 

      The last thing he remembers is going to the kitchen and finding Megumi… oh, that’s right.  He brings a hand up to the bandage on his head.  How could he forget that he fainted?

 

     Gojo sighs, he probably freaked Megumi out.  Gojo moves to sit up, he takes a deep breath in through his nose and out through his mouth in an attempt to stave off the dizziness.

 

     He knows he should go back to sleep, but he needs to check on Megumi.  Once he knows Megumi’s ok he can rest.

 

      Gojo gets up, heading for the room next to his.  When he gets there, the bed sheets are all thrown about, and the door is wide open, but there’s no sign of Megumi.

 

      Gojo frowns, if Megumi’s not in here, then where is he?  Gojo moves to check the bathroom.

 

     The bathroom lights are off, but the first aid kit’s out, and a red stained towel sits on top of a pile of Megumi’s clothes.

 

      Gojo’s fully awake now, his kid is hurt.  Did Megumi have to patch himself up all on his own?

 

      Gojo walks out of the bathroom, feeling a little panicked as he heads towards the living room.

 

     Once he gets there he stops.  He can’t believe what he’s seeing.  There, illuminated by the tv, are Geto and Megumi sound asleep.

 

     Megumi’s curled up on Geto’s chest.  One of his hands is skillfully wrapped in bandages.  Seems like Geto patched him up.

 

     One of Geto’s arms is laid across Megumi.  His hair is a tangled mess, splayed out across the couch.  Weird, usually Geto pulls his hair back when he goes to sleep.

 

     Gojo smiles, seems like his two favorite people are finally starting to get along.
Notes:

    Another chapter done! Poor little Megumi was having a rough time but now Gojo’s feeling better!

Chapter 35: Beasts At Breakfast
Summary:

    Nanami isn’t really sure what to do. He can’t get Yuji to tell him what’s going on. It’s like the kid’s completely shut him out and he has no idea why.

     

    TRIGGER WARNINGS:
    - Flashbacks
    - Vomiting

Notes:

    You know what… I apologize in advance

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Geto wakes the next morning to a weight on his chest.  He cracks his eyes open, confused, what the hell is stopping him from getting up?  He looks to see Megumi sound asleep.

 

     Oh, that’s right.  After Megumi had that nightmare and freaked out he’d clung to Geto.  The older man wasn’t sure what to do at the time, so he brought Megumi to the living room and they’d watched a movie together.  He must’ve fallen asleep at some point.

 

     He should probably be annoyed or disgusted that the damn brat is sprawled out on his chest, but he can’t find it in him when Megumi looks so damn tired.

 

     Geto sighs, letting his head rest back on the couch.  Seems like he’s stuck here.  Never in a million years did he think that he’d be in this predicament.  What’s worse is that he didn’t mind this.

 

     After yesterday, Geto doesn’t find himself as annoyed with the brat anymore.  He’d heard Gojo talk about the kid countless times.  He’d listened when Gojo was concerned about how Megumi’s parents treated him.  He’d listened to Gojo criticize the decision to start the kid’s training at three.  He’d even consoled Gojo when the Zenin Clan was threatening to take Megumi away.  He’d known the extent of Megumi’s situation, but knowing and seeing are two completely different things.

 

     He felt for the kid, honestly.  He wants nothing more than for Megumi to get a chance to live properly and to heal from his trauma.  Maybe it’s not so bad that he’s living with Gojo after all

 

      Geto always hated the fact that Gojo had to take care of Megumi.  Gojo is a kid, he’s not supposed to throw his whole life away for some kid that’s not even his.  Not only that, but Gojo doesn’t do anything anymore.  Geto can’t even remember the last time they’d properly hung out and that was really unfair to both of them.

 

     With this in mind, it made sense that Geto didn’t like Megumi right off the bat.  Then to top it off, for some reason, Megumi didn’t like him either.  It seemed like they were destined to not get along.

 

     Maybe he should’ve worked harder to figure out why Megumi didn’t like him.  They could’ve come to an understanding much sooner if he’d done that.

 

     Geto thinks back to every interaction he’s ever had with Megumi.  Anytime Geto was around it seemed like Megumi was glaring at him.  Megumi always seemed tense around him, and when Geto would tease him the kid was always so defensive.  Why was that?  He’d have to ask the brat later.

 

 

     Yuji is a little nervous if he’s being honest.  By the time Sukuna woke up last night he’d already fallen asleep so he didn’t have a chance to give Sukuna his picture.  Now that he’s thinking about it though, he feels a little silly.  A picture isn’t going to magically make Sukuna better, what if he doesn’t like it?

 

      It’s probably silly, Sukuna loves him after all, so Yuji’s sure he’ll at least appreciate the drawing, but it still doesn’t stop him from being nervous.

 

     Yuji looks at Sukuna from across the kitchen table.  His brother was feeling a little better this morning so he felt up to eating breakfast with them.

 

     Nanami gave Sukuna tea and some orange slices and a piece of toast.  It wasn’t a lot of food, but Sukuna doesn’t eat a whole lot when he’s sick…

 

     Actually, it’s hard to get Sukuna to eat at all when he’s sick.  Yuji remembers when Sukuna had gotten the stomach bug he’d barely eaten anything the entire time.  Mom was a worried mess, the most he would eat was half a piece of toast, and that was only if Mom was convincing enough.  Yuji remembers hearing his parents talk about how Sukuna lost a lot of weight during that.  It was the only time he’d ever seen his mom cry…

 

     Well, there was one other time, but he didn’t like to think about that.  He doesn’t like imagining the last time he ever saw his mom, that thing tearing at her, ripping her apart as she cried and begged , desperately trying to get away and-

 

     “Breakfast’s ready!”  Nanami puts Yuji’s plate in front of him.  The eggs and rice stare at him.

 

     He stares at his food.  He tries not to think, tries to think about anything besides that monster, but it’s impossible.  He feels sick.  All he can picture is that thing ripping apart his parents and grandpa, pulling apart bone and muscle like a vulture would a squirrel.

 

     “Yuji?  What’s wrong, Bug?”

 

     Yuji scrunches his nose, he doesn’t want to eat, but if he explains that to Nanami then he’ll worry, and he doesn’t want to be a bother.  Things really seemed like they were better so how come this is happening?

 

     “I know, sometimes I’m not very hungry either.  But you need to eat, Bug.  Your last checkup the doctor said you still needed to put on some weight.”

 

     Right, that was the whole reason Yuji had to go to the doctor again.  He knows that Nanami worries about it, but he really doesn’t feel like eating.

 

     Yuji looks at Nanami.  Nanami never pushes Yuji, he’ll encourage the kid, but if Yuji really doesn’t want to eat then Nanami just puts it away for later.  But whenever he doesn’t eat Nanami seems sad.  He doesn’t want to make Nanami sad.

 

     Yuji sighs, picking up his fork.  Maybe if he just powers through it’ll get better.  Yuji puts a forkful in his mouth.

 

     The regret is almost instant.  All at once it hits him like a truck.  He’s choking on the smell of blood and death, and the metallic scent seems to transfer onto the tip of his tongue.

 

     Yuji gags, covering his mouth with his hand.  He thinks Nanami might’ve said something but it hardly seems to matter as he rushes to at least make it to the garbage can.

 

     By some miracle he makes it to the garbage.  His eyes water as he hurls into the trash can.

 

     Nanami’s at his side in an instant, placing a steady hand on Yuji’s back.

 

      Yuji lets out a sob as another wave of nausea hits him.

 

      Nanami rubs circles into his back, “it’s alright.  You’re ok.”

 

      When Yuji comes back up he’s choking on sobs.  He hates this, how did he get himself so worked up that he made himself sick?

 

     “You’re alright, deep breaths, Bug.  You’re ok.”

 

     “Yuji?”  Yuji turns to find Sukuna standing behind them.  His big brother’s eyes are wide and filled with tears as his bottom lip wobbles.

 

     Yuji only cries harder at the sight of Sukuna so visibly distraught.  He feels bad, he scared his brother.

 

     Yuji makes his hand a fist before bringing it to his chest and moving it in circles.  He repeats the sign over and over.

 

     “Stop that,” Nanami puts a hand over Yuji’s.  “There’s nothing to apologize for, Bug.

 

     Yuji’s bottom lip trembles as he lets another sob rattle in his chest.

 

     Nanami pulls him in for a hug.  “It’s alright.  Were you feeling sick before?  Why didn’t you tell me?”

 

     Yuji shakes his head, he wasn’t feeling sick, but he doesn’t really know how to articulate what was wrong with the little sign language he knows.

 

     “I know that Sukuna’s sick, but that doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t tell me if something’s wrong, Bug.  You’re both very important to me and I need to know if you’re not feeling well.”

 

     Yuji pulls away, stomping his foot.  Nanami wasn’t getting it.  Yuji shakes his head, visibly frustrated as he taps his pointer and middle fingers to his thumb twice.  ‘No!’

 

     Nanami leans back, a little taken aback by the sudden frustration.

 

     Yuji repeats the sign again before bringing one hand up to his forehead and the other to his stomach.  ‘Not sick!’

 

     Nanami blinks, staring at Yuji for a moment before speaking.  “But, Bug, if you’re not feeling sick then what’s wrong?”

 

      Yuji stares at Nanami.  He opens his mouth, maybe to talk, he isn’t really sure, but all that comes out is a sob and suddenly he’s crying all over again.

 

       “Oh, Yuji.” Nanami brings yuji in for a hug again before pressing a kiss to the top of his head.  “It’s ok, sweetie.  We’ll figure it out.”

 

 

     Gojo stares at the pan in complete amazement, not a single piece of bacon burned.  It’s a damn miracle.

 

     Gojo quickly distributes the food onto the three plates.  Megumi’s gonna be thrilled that his bacon is finally not black.

 

     Once all the food is situated, he heads to the living room to find Megumi still asleep on Suguru.  Suguru, however is wide awake.  “Morning!”

 

     Suguru jumps, turning his head to look at him.  “Satoru,” he groans, letting his head rest on the pillow again, “I was hoping you’d still be asleep.”

 

     Gojo smiles, “and miss seeing this?  No way!”

 

     Suguru sighs, “can’t you just get him off me.”

 

      Gojo’s smile only grows, “why?  I mean it’s too late, the damage has already been done.  I have pictures.”

 

     “Satoru…” Suguru glares at him, but it looses its effect when he’s cuddling with a kid.  “I’m going to burn your camera.”

 

     “You can’t, I’ve hidden it in a very safe place.”  Gojo moves so that he’s right in front of the two.

 

     “Whatever, just get him off!”

 

     Gojo laughs, “alright, alright.”  He crouches so that he and Megumi are at eye level.  “Megs, sweetie, it’s time for breakfast.”  He runs a hand through the kid’s hair.

 

     Megumi scrunches his nose before opening his eyes.  He sits up, rubbing at his eyes as he lets out a yawn.

 

      Gojo frowns, his kid looks tired.  And not your average, just woke up tired, no, poor Megumi looks utterly exhausted.  “Morning, Gremlin.”

 

     Gojo sees Megumi visibly stiffen before moving to look at him.  Megumi stares at Gojo for a moment, eyes wide.  Megumi’s lip wobbles before he launched himself at Gojo.  “Gojo!”

 

     The sudden action causes the two to fall to the ground.  The poor kid sobs loudly in Gojo’s ear, clinging to him like it’s the last time they’ll ever see each other.

 

     Gojo returns the hug.  God, had he really scared Megumi that much?  “It’s alright.”

 

     “I was so scared!”  Megumi continues to cry.

 

      Gojo’s heart shatters at the confession.  He feels bad, “I know, I’m sorry.”

 

     Suguru clears his throat, effectively getting Gojo’s attention.  He sits on the couch, clearly feeling out of place.

 

     Gojo manages to stand, taking Megumi with him.  “Hey, I made breakfast!”  He made all of Megumi’s favorites, though he does that pretty much everyday.

 

     Gojo carries Megumi all the way to the kitchen before placing him down at his seat.

 

      Gojo ruffles Megumi’s hair before going to grab the plates from the counter.

 

     He grabs two, putting one at Suguru’s seat and the other in front of Megumi.  He wipes a tear off Megumi’s face before placing a kiss on his cheek.  Gojo then goes to grab his own plate.

 

     “Look!  He didn’t burn it!”  Gojo smiles to himself as he turns to walk back to the table.

 

      Gojo finds Megumi excitedly shoving his piece of bacon in Suguru’s face.  The kid’s excited expression is a stark contrast to his red-rimmed eyes.

 

     Suguru stares at the bacon for a moment before snatching it from Megumi’s hands.

 

     “Hey!”  Megumi tries to take it back only for the man to hold it high over his head.

 

     Suguru’s grinning now.  “My look at this lovely piece of bacon,” he holds a hand out, effectively stopping Megumi’s advancements.  “I can’t wait to eat it!”

 

     “Getoooo!  It’s mine!”  Megumi frowns holding his hand out.

 

     Suguru laughs, handing it back to the kid.

 

     Gojo laughs too, it makes him happy seeing the two get along.  “I’m glad you two are getting along.”

 

      Megumi scoffs, “him?  Nah, he’s the worst,” he sticks his tongue out at Suguru before taking a bite of his bacon.

 

     “Funny, I was about to say the same thing about you, Demon.”

 

     Gojo tries not to react at the nickname.  He’s always hated when Suguru called Megumi that.  But, the word doesn’t hold quite as much disdain as it used to.  He shakes his head, “glad to see you two still hate each other then.”

 

     Megumi hums in response, grabbing a pancake.

 

     Gojo frowns, eyes drifting to Megumi’s left hand on the table.  “Hey, Megs.”

 

     Megumi looks up at Gojo, taking a bite of his food.

 

      “What happened to your hand?”

 

      “Oh,” Megumi swallows the food in his mouth before continuing.  “When you passed out you scared me, and I jumped and the knife cut me.”

 

     “He missed what he was cutting and cut his hand instead.”  Suguru had a mouthful of eggs in his mouth, but that didn’t stop him from talking.  “Had to give him stitches.  Make sure you keep an eye on em.”

 

      Gojo feels guilty again, he caused a lot of problems.  “Thank you, Suguru.”

 

 

     Nanami isn’t really sure what to do.  He can’t get Yuji to tell him what’s going on.  It’s like the kid’s completely shut him out and he has no idea why.

 

     He doesn’t want to push the kid, but he really scared Nanami at breakfast this morning.  Nanami wants nothing more than to help Yuji figure it out.

 

     Helping Yuji will have to wait for the moment.  As much as he hates it, Sukuna is absolutely miserable and needs his attention.

 

     Nanami runs his fingers through Sukuna’s hair.  He was hoping since the kid’s fever had gone down this morning that it meant they were in the clear.

 

      Sukuna presses himself closer to Nanami, eyes screwed shut.

 

     Nanami hates this, can’t his kids catch a break?  “Hey, Dumpling, there’s still some soup left, did you want some?”  Nanami smooths Sukuna’s hair back, “it’ll help your throat.”

 

     Sukuna sighs, “I guess.”

 

     Nanami moves to get up, placing a kiss to Sukuna’s forehead before heading to the kitchen.

 

     He finds Yuji coloring in the kitchen.  His face is scrunched together in focus.

 

     Nanami walk over, placing a kiss on the top of his head.  “How’re you doing, Bug?”

 

      Yuji shrugs before looking up at Nanami.  The poor kid looks like he could use a nap.

 

     Nanami frowns, he really needs to talk with Yuji, but he needs to take care of Sukuna first.  “Hey, you think you could sit with your brother while I get him some soup?”

 

     Yuji nods, grabbing one of the pictures off the table before heading to their room.

 

     Nanami sighs, he feels better knowing Sukuna’s with someone.  He moves to head to the fridge, only to stop as he gets a glimpse of Yuji’s drawing.

 

     Nanami’s frown deepens as he picks up one of the pictures.  The picture feels unsettling… feels sinister .  It seems a little abstract, blacks and reds are scribbled onto the page in a frantic manner.  At first glance it hadn’t seemed like much, but staring at it now there’s no mistaking those beady eyes staring back at him.

 

    Nanami feels sick as his eyes drift down into the sea of red that he assumes is the creatures mouth.  He picks up another drawing, this one still has that same franticness, but it’s much less abstract than the last.  It’s a table, three vaguely human-shaped figures all sit at the table.

 

     It doesn’t feel like one of the drawing Yuji would draw, for starters he’d positioned the table so that the top took up the entire bottom on the page, and the three figures weren’t all placed on the same side of the table like a child normally would.  The figures didn’t have mouths, they were just made up of two circular shapes and had their own pair of beady eyes that stared back at Nanami.

 

     It felt as if he were there, sitting at the table with these figures and they were all staring back at him.  And in the background of this unsettling scene?  The same black and red monster stood behind them all, staring back at Nanami.

 

     Nanami looked between the two, an icy feeling settling in his veins.  whatever is going he needs to get to the bottom of it as soon as possible.
Notes:

    Listen, the plan was to write more but the chapter got too long so I stopped here. I didn’t mean to have such a low hurt to comfort ratio, it just happened.

Chapter 36: Fight
Summary:

    Yuji stares at Sukuna’s back for a few moments. He probably didn’t mean it, right?

Notes:

    I’m back baby! And I’m sure we could all use it after the latest episode. (I haven’t watched it yet but Ik what happens and I’m very upset sad that it’s finally happened) This chapter got too long so yeah you’re actually getting 2 chapters!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

     After breakfast, Geto spends a good portion of time fixing his hair in Satoru’s bathroom.  His hair is awfully tangled.  Usually, he ties his hair back or puts it in a braid when he goes to sleep to avoid this issue, but for Megumi’s sake he had decided to forgo the bun.

 

       It takes five minutes to brush the tangles out of his hair, and another two to pull it back.  He doesn’t pull all of it into a bun like he usually does, he doesn’t want to accidentally freak Megumi out again.  He opts to put half of his hair up, letting the rest fall on his shoulders.  It’s a pain having his hair like this, but at least it’ll be out of his face still.

 

     He heads back out to the living room, finding Satoru crouched in front of Megumi, holding his hands.

 

     Geto frowns, Megumi’s pale again, and his breathing comes out in quick gasps.

 

     “It’s alright, Megs.  Deep breaths, in and out.”  Satoru’s voice is soft, it holds none of the cockiness that Geto’s become so used to hearing.

 

     “Is he alright?”  Geto moves to sit next to Megumi, hesitantly placing a hand on the kid’s shoulder.

 

     Satoru nods, “he’s ok.  Panic attack, they happen.”

 

     “What caused it?”

 

     “Not sure.  He said he was feeling dizzy and by the time he sat down he was hyperventilating.”

 

      Geto glances at Megumi, guilt wiggling its way into his chest.  He probably freaked out because he was dizzy, and the only reason he probably felt dizzy in the first place is because of his injury.  Geto really should’ve noticed the kid was hurt sooner.  “He lost a lot of blood yesterday, he’s probably still anemic.”

 

     Satoru purses his lips before humming, “that would explain why it came on so suddenly, he was probably feeling winded to begin with.”  He moves to smooth Megumi’s hair back, placing a kiss to his forehead.

 

     Geto looks away, suddenly feeling like an outsider again, “I’ll go get him something to drink.”

 

     Geto gets up, something sugary would probably do the kid good.  So, he goes to the fridge and pours Megumi a glass of juice.

 

     When Geto comes back Satoru stands to face him.  His shoulders are wound tight and Geto can see the stress radiating from his best friend.

 

     Geto frowns as he hands the drink over, opting to give the two space as Satoru calms the kid down.

 

      A couple minutes and a half a glass of juice later and Megumi seems to be doing much better.  Satoru sighs, leaning back before glancing at Geto.  “What’s with your hair?”

 

     Geto brings his hand to his hair subconsciously.  “What’s wrong with it?”

 

     “You don’t usually wear it like that.”  Satoru stares at Geto, a frown on his face, “usually you wear it up.”

 

     Geto shrugs, “just felt like wearing it like this.”  He didn’t really feel like explaining it to Satoru, besides, he’d rather save Megumi the embarrassment.

 

 

     Yuji walks into his room to find Sukuna’s back facing him.  “Su-“ his voice cracks and cuts off quickly.  He huffs, clearing his throat before trying again, “Su-“ it’s no use.

 

     Sukuna rolls over anyway, a frown on his face.  “It’s ok, Yu, you don’t have to say it.”

 

     Yuji shakes his head, no he does.  He’s been messing everything up, he needs to at least get this right for him.  “Su-“ his voice cuts out again, this time for a different reason as hot tears suddenly pool in his eyes.

 

      He wipes them away, opting to ignore the ones that replace them in order to try again. “Su-“

 

     “Yuji, cut it out!”  Sukuna’s sitting up now, an annoyed expression on his face.  “I already feel bad enough without having to hear your stupid voice!”

 

     Yuji recoils, taking a small step back.  He was just trying to make Sukuna feel better.  He grips the drawing close to his chest, he thought maybe, if he tried really hard and said Sukuna’s name it would make his big brother happy.  Sukuna always seems so sad when Yuji doesn’t say anything back to him… now he’s annoyed that he was trying to?

 

     “What did you want anyway?  I’m tired.”  Sukuna flops back down, his back facing Yuji once again.

 

     Yuji stares at Sukuna’s back for a few moments.  He probably didn’t mean it, right?  After all, Nanami seems to think it’s worth working with him everyday to help get his voice back… not that they’re making any real headway.  He can’t really say any words yet, stringing together sounds was hard, but he could sound out lots of letters!  Yuji thought that was great… but if his big brother didn’t want to hear him talk then what was the sense?

 

     Yuji suddenly feels mad and upset at the same time.  So, he takes the next logical course of action and storms out of the room.

 

     He just makes it out the door when he bumps right into Nanami.

 

     Yuji looks up to see the man’s concerned expression, “everything alright, Bug?”

 

     Yuji opens his mouth, “Na…” he trails off, right, no talking.  How could he already forget?  He looks down at his feet, giving Nanami a nodding notion with his right fist before walking away.

 

     Yuji manages to lock himself in the bathroom before letting himself cry.  He sits on the cold bathroom tile, burying his face in his knees.  He hates this, everything feels like it’s falling apart.

 

     Sukuna knows how important it is to Yuji that he talks.  Yuji wants nothing more than to be able to tell his brother and Nanami how much he loves them.  Did Sukuna not want that too?

 

 

    Nanami watches Yuji walk away and slam the door closed to the bathroom.  A sinking feeling settles in his stomach, whatever that was didn’t seem good.  “Hey, Sukuna?”

 

     Sukuna sighs, “what?”

 

     Nanami frowns, the kid sounds annoyed.  “What happened with Yuji?”  Something obviously happened, and Nanami is going to get to the bottom of it.

 

     “He kept trying to talk.”

 

     Nanami walks over, setting the bowl of soup down on the nightstand before sitting down next to Sukuna.  “Well that’s good, he hasn’t really been trying as often as he used to.”

 

     “No, it’s not!” Sukuna sits up finally, turning to face Nanami.  “You don’t get it!  He can say your name!”  Tears well up in Sukuna’s eyes, “you get to hear him say your name, he can talk to you!  You don’t-“ Sukuna’s voice breaks off as a sob makes it past his lips. “You don’t know how I feel!”

 

     Nanami’s heart shatters at Sukuna’s confession.  Nanami knows how much it means for Yuji to get his voice back, but he didn’t realize how much it meant to Sukuna too.  “You’re right, Dumpling, I don’t know how that feels.  I know watching Yuji struggle to talk everyday is upsetting, and it must hurt knowing your brother can’t even say your name.”

 

     Sukuna sniffs, rubbing at his eyes, “I just wanna hear him talk like he used to.”

 

     “Oh, Honey,” Nanami pulls Sukuna close, letting the kid cry into his sweatshirt.  “That’s all I want too, baby.  But, it takes time.  Learning to talk again is hard.”

 

      Sukuna seems to cry harder at that.

 

      Nanami frowns, “did you two get into an argument?”

 

     Sukuna nods, pressing himself closer to Nanami.  It makes sense, Sukuna tends to lash out when he gets frustrated or upset, but it still surprises Nanami.  Usually, Sukuna is much more patient with Yuji than he is with others.   “You wanna talk about it?”

 

      Sukuna pulls away and looks at Nanami, lip wobbling, “I said it was stupid!”  Sukuna rubs at his eyes, another sob escaping him.  “I’m the worst brother ever!”

 

     “That’s not true, honey.” Nanami pulls him back in for a hug.  “You were just upset, we all get upset sometimes.”

 

     “He’s never gonna talk again,” Sukuna’s words are barely understandable with his face in Nanami’s shirt.  “I messed everything up!”

 

     Nanami tries not to react, Sukuna most likely did set Yuji back, but it’s hardly the kid’s fault.  Sukuna’s hurt and still learning, it’s important that Nanami helps Sukuna learn from this instead of getting upset with the kid.  “You didn’t, it’ll all be ok,” he smooths the kids hair down.  “Yuji loves you, he’ll understand that you were upset.”

 

     Nanami pulls Sukuna away from him, placing a hand on either side of his face.  “Sukuna, Honey,” Nanami pauses, brushing away a few stray tears with his thumb.  “Learning to talk again is  something that Yuji has been working really hard on.  It means a lot to him.  I know it’s frustrating, but he’s trying really hard. And we have to try too, ok?”

 

      Sukuna nods, big eyes staring up at Nanami.  “I’m sorry.”

 

     Nanami gives him a smile, “it’s ok, but I’m not the one you gotta apologize to.”

 

     Sukuna nods, “I know.”

 

     Nanami places a kiss to the top of Sukuna’s head.  “Why don’t you eat your soup while I try and talk to Yuji?  Then, you can apologize and tell Yuji how you feel?”

 

     “OK.”

 

 

     Geto knows Satoru’s happy about Megumi and him getting along better, but he really didn’t want to spend the day out with the kid…

 

     Yet here he is, with Megumi sandwiched between the two of them.  Geto supposes it’s not all bad, he gets to hang out with Satoru and make sure he’s doing ok.  If that means walking through the park with Megumi and his dogs then so be it.

 

     “Aren’t these Shikigami?  They don’t really need walks.”

 

      “Yeah, but they like them,” Megumi moves to scratch the black dog behind his ears.

 

     Geto can kind of understand that, he’s grown rather fond of some of his curses as well.  “Do they have names?”  Despite Megumi’s obvious attachment to the animals, Geto can’t really think of a time Megumi’s ever called them an actual name.

 

     Megumi shakes his head, “I’m not allowed to.”

 

     Geto frowns, “why?”

 

     “Otherwise I’ll get attached.”

 

     Geto glances at Satoru, who looks just as unhappy as he feels.

 

     “I’ve been trying to get him to name them for ages.  Kid’s stubborn.”  It’s Satoru’s turn to pet one of the dogs now.

 

      Geto thinks it’s silly, he’s already attached to the damn things, might as well name them.  “Well, do you like your Shikigami?”

 

     “Well not all of them, Nue’s mean.”

 

     “Nue?”  Geto glances at Satoru again for clarification.

 

      Satoru has a sour look on his face, “he’s only allowed out under adult supervision or emergencies.  He doesn’t listen as well.”

 

     “Alright,” Geto decides not to press it, seems like he’d hit a touchy subject.  “How come he gets a name?”

 

     “That’s what dad called him, he said they’re different types of Shikiami so they’re called different things.”

 

      Geto doesn’t like the feeling that settles in his stomach hearing Megumi talk about his dad.  “But Megumi, if you like your Shikigami then you’re already attached to them.”

 

     Megumi looks as if he’s pondering the idea.  “I never thought of it like that… maybe it’s ok to name them then?”

 

     “I’d say so.”  Geto stuffs his hands in his pockets, glad he changed the kid’s mind.

 

      “Do your curses have names?”

 

      Geto looks back to Megumi at that, he’s never told the kid about his curse technique… at least he doesn’t remember telling him anyway.  “How’d you know about my curses?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, “I dunno, it seemed obvious.  You have a lot of cursed energy, and it felt different from Nanami’s and Gojo’s.”

 

     Different?  If there was a difference between people’s cursed energy besides intensity then he sure as hell couldn’t tell.  “Different how?”

 

      “It’s hard to explain.  Everyone’s cursed energy is different, you can tell the difference between a non-sorcerer, a curse and a Jujutsu Sorcerer if you know what to look for.”

 

     Geto stares at Megumi, he knows from Satoru just how smart and talented Megumi is, but he didn’t think a four year old, prodigy or not, would be so in tune with cursed energy.  “What does mine feel like?”

 

     Megumi scrunches his nose, “like your own cursed energy is mixed with a different one.  So I figured you could summon things too.”

 

     So Megumi knew what his cursed technique based on just his cursed energy?  Damn, when the time comes, Megumi is going to be one hell of a sorcerer.
Notes:

    I’m gonna try and get the second part of the chapter up before I go to bed for you guys, don’t worry!

Chapter 37: Make Up
Summary:

    They sit in silence for a few minutes after that. Megumi is the first one to break it, “how come you don’t like me?”

     

    TRIGGER WARNINGS
    - Bringing up past trauma
    - very brief mentions of throwing up (it’s like 1 sentence)

Notes:

    So… I fell asleep… so now you have the second part first thing in the morning!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

Nanami taps on the bathroom door.  “Yuji, Honey, can I come in?”

 

     There’s no answer from the other side of the door, the silence makes Nanami’s ears ring.  “How about this, one tap on the door means yes and two means no, got it?”

 

     One tap, good, at least Nanami will somewhat be able to talk to Yuji.

 

      “Can I come in?”

 

     Two taps.

 

     A no then, Nanami moves to sit in front of the door.  “Ok, I’ve talked to Sukuna some.  Sukuna got upset with you, right?”

 

     One tap.

 

     “He got upset because you kept trying to say his name?”  Nanami knew all of this already, but he wanted to confirm it with Yuji too.

 

     One tap.

 

     “And that made you sad?”

 

      Another tap.

 

      “Do you think Sukuna meant it?”

 

      There’s a pause, then Yuji gives one hesitant tap.

 

     Nanami frowns, “oh, Yuji, he didn’t mean it, sweetie.  He loves you.”

 

     Suddenly, there’s a soft click before Yuji pulls the door open.  There’s a blur of pink as Yuji runs to tackle Nanami into a hug.

 

      Nanami hugs Yuji just as tight, relieved that the kid had finally opened the door.

 

     “Nami,” Yuji’s voice comes out in a sob.

 

     And god, Nanami’s just so relieved that Yuji said his name at all that he feels tears well up.  “It’s alright, Bug.  I’ve got you.”

 

     Yuji hiccups and sobs, stringing together unintelligible sounds that Nanami thinks might be an attempt to explain what’s wrong.

 

     Nanami smooths Yuji’s hair down before resting his head atop Yuji’s.  “You’re alright, deep breaths, Bug.”

 

     Yuji shakes his head, a whimper making its way past his lips.  God, Yuji’s had an awful day.  First getting sick at breakfast now this?  Nanami wishes he could take some of his kid’s pain away.

 

     They sit there for a while before Yuji calms down.  Nanami pulls away, moving to brush a tear off Yuji’s face before speaking.  “Yuji, sweetie, can we talk?”

 

     Yuji stares at Nanami for a moment, a frown on his face.  Eventually he gives Nanami a hesitant nod.

 

       “Alright,” Nanami pauses, where to begin?  “About Sukuna.  I talked with him and he didn’t mean it.  He was upset and when you’re upset sometimes it’s hard to express just how you’re feeling.”

 

     Yuji’s frown deepens, he brings a hand up to his head before bringing it down in the shape of the sign for the letter y.  ‘Why?’

 

     “Well, it’s harder to think when you’re upset, so that means it might be harder to explain something like how you’re feeling.”

 

     Yuji hums, seeming satisfied with the explanation.

 

     “But even if he didn’t mean it, it was still hurtful and made you upset, so it’s important to talk about it with him.  You’re brothers, you should be able to talk to each other about how you’re feeling.”

 

     Yuji gives him a thumbs up and a very small, very weak smile.

 

     Nanami smiles back, “you don’t have to talk to him right now, if you still need space that’s ok.”

 

     Yuji shakes his head before standing up and going to grab something from the bathroom.  It looks like a drawing of a pirate.

 

      A icy feelings settles in Nanami’s chest again as he remembers the drawings he found in the kitchen.  “Yuji, there’s something else I wanted to talk to you about.”

 

         Yuji frowns, tilting his head to the side as if to ask Nanami what he wanted to talk about.

 

      Nanami reaches into his pocket and pulls out the drawings, carefully unfolding them.  “I found these earlier, Bug.”

 

      Yuji looks to the drawings, then to Nanami, a sort of startled expression on his face.

 

      “I just… I want to understand, Yuji.  Help me understand.”  Nanami grips the papers tight in his hand.

 

     Yuji points to the woman in the drawing with the figures before bringing a hand up to his chin and tapping his thumb to his chin twice.  He then points to the younger man before tapping his hand to his forehead this time.

 

     Nanami watches carefully, so those two in the drawing were his mom and dad.  That means the last one must be his grandfather.

 

     He then points to the other drawing with the monstrous figure before pointing to Nanami.  Yuji then mimics the slashing motion Nanami would use when using his sword.

 

     Now, of course Nanami had an idea of what these were about, but having it confirmed made him feel sick.  The thing in the picture was the curse that killed Yuji’s family… the one Nanami had killed.

 

      But why?  Why all of a sudden did Yuji draw these?  This had something to do with what happened at breakfast this morning he just knows it.  “Do these have something to do with why you got sick this morning?”

 

     Yuji gives a small nod, his lip beginning to wobble.

 

     Nanami sees the small action, he knows that Yuji is one more question away from crying again.  For a split second, Nanami debates just ending the conversation there.  He does know that his family was having lunch when the curse attacked and that’s ruined Yuji’s appetite significantly, but it’s never made him sick before and Nanami wants to know just what caused it.  “Why did it make you sick this time, Bug?  Do you think you can show me?”

 

      Yuji doesn’t do anything for a moment, eyebrows furrowed in concentration.  Nanami’s not sure how long it’s been when Yuji points at the drawing of the monster before shakily moving his arm up to his face.  He pauses, biting on his lip as a whimper makes it past his lips before he pretends to bite and rip at the air like an animal would.

 

     The realization hits Nanami about the same time Yuji’s head finds its way into the toilet again.

 

      Nanami rubs Yuji’s back, a numb sort of feeling settling over him.  He didn’t realize that Yuji was struggling so much.

 

 

      Geto isn’t really sure what to do.  He’s sitting on a bench next to Megumi and his dogs as Gojo waits in line to get them drinks.  He doesn’t really know how to interact with the kid.

 

      Megumi’s tense, the kid’s wound tighter than a spring, and Geto can’t really figure out what has the kid so anxious.  “Hey, Megumi?”

 

      Megumi gives him a hum in response not really looking in Geto’s direction.

 

      “Are you… scared of me?”  It’s not really the question he wanted to ask, but it’s what left his mouth.

 

      Megumi frowns, “no?  I mean, not really, why?”

 

      “I dunno, you’re always so defensive and I was wondering why.”

 

     “Oh,” there’s a pause, then, “you’re a lot like him.”

 

      Geto’s blood turns to ice.  That was the last thing he’d wanted to hear.  “What do you mean?”

 

     “You’re a lot different too, it’s just, some things.  Like, your hands,” Megumi pauses, shuddering.  “They’re big,” his voice gets really quiet as he moves to look at his hands.  Suddenly, Megumi looks so much smaller than he normally does, “and dad doesn’t have any cursed energy, but he’s really intense, and you’re the opposite.  You have so much, and that’s intense and it’s constant and it gets to be too much and-“ Megumi’s voice wavers, his shoulders coming up to his ears.

 

      Geto feels guilty again.  Megumi probably responded so poorly to his teasing because he felt anxious.  “It’s alright.  I’m sorry for making things so difficult for you.”  He’ll have to be more conscious about suppressing his cursed energy when he’s with Megumi.

 

     They sit in silence for a few minutes after that.  Megumi is the first one to break it, “how come you don’t like me?”

 

      “It’s not anything you really did if that’s what you’re wondering.”

 

      “Then why?”

 

      Geto sighs, “Gojo’s a kid like you.  I thought it wasn’t fair that he had to sacrifice that to take care of some kid.”

 

      “Oh,” Megumi pauses.  “Did I ruin everything?”

 

      Geto looks to Megumi, finding the kid looking up at him, eyes wide and full of tears.  His heart aches at the sight, “no, he loves you to pieces.  I don’t think he’d want it any other way.”

 

 

     Sukuna’s anxious.  He stares at the door to his room, waiting for Nanami to come back with Yuji.

 

      He’d heard Yuji crying earlier and it made Sukuna cry too.  He couldn’t stand hearing his baby brother sound so upset, especially when he was the reason.  he’d really messed up this time, why did he always get so mad?  He hates it, when Yuji gets mad he stomps off and locks himself in their room.  How come when he’s mad he hurts the people he cares about?

 

      There’s a knock on the door before Nanami opens it, revealing Yuji hiding behind his leg.

 

      Nanami ushers Yuji into the room with him.  Sukuna hates how apprehensive Yuji is of him.

 

      Eventually, Nanami convinced Yuji to sit with his brother, and the three of them are all sitting on Sukuna’s bed.

 

      “Alright, Sukuna explain to Yuji what happened.”

 

      Sukuna takes a deep breath, willing himself to relax before he begins talking.  “I’m really sorry, Yuji.  I don’t think you being able to talk is stupid.  I was just sad.”

 

       Yuji frowns, eyebrows furrowing as he tilts his head at Sukuna.

 

      “It makes me really sad when you try and say my name because-“ Sukuna’s voice breaks as the emotions suddenly overwhelm him.  “Because it so hard for you and I hate watching you struggle so much!  And you can say Nanami’s name, which isn’t your fault, but all I want is to hear you say mine again!”  Sukuna’s in hysterics, he can’t think of a time where he’s ever cried this hard before.

 

      “Su-“ Yuji’s word, like always, is cut short.  But he doesn’t try again as he moves to pull Sukuna’s hands from his face.

 

      Sukuna watches through tears as Yuji points to himself before moving to cross his arms over his chest before finally pointing to Sukuna.  ‘I love you.’

 

      Sukuna cries harder at that.  He was so convinced that Yuji would hate him even after apologizing.

 

      Yuji moves to press himself to Sukuna, wrapping him in a hug.

 

       Sukuna returns the hug, burying his face in Yuji’s shoulder.

 

     Eventually, Sukuna calms down and Yuji breaks away.  He reaches behind him and pulls out a piece of paper.

 

      Sukuna takes the paper, looking at the pirate that Yuji’s drawn on the page.  Sukuna smiles, “is this for me?”then

 

      Yuji nods, giving Sukuna a small smile.

 

      Sukuna stares at the drawing, he can tell Yuji put a lot of effort into it.  “I love it,” it looks like, everything will be ok after all.
Notes:

    And that concludes this little arc! I’d meant for this to be like a 2-3 chapter thing but it winded up being a little longer than anticipated! Hope you enjoyed!

Chapter 38: News
Summary:

    “Principal Yaga?” He’s awake now, anytime Yaga calls it’s always important.

    “I have news.”

Notes:

    This arc goes out to my friend Ally… Ik you’ve been waiting for this one.

     

    IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT AT END OF CHAPTER

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Nanami wakes up to his phone ringing.  He groans, reaching aimlessly for it in the dark.  A few swipes in the air later and he’s grabbed it, promptly ending the call before rolling over.  He’s not answering until the sun is out…

 

      Not even a minute later his phone goes off again.  He sighs, picking the phone up and answering.  “God, can’t this wait till morning?”  He didn’t bother checking who it was, the only person who would ever call at this ungodly hour is Gojo…

 

     “Nanami,” huh… not quite who he was expecting.

 

      “Principal Yaga?”  He’s awake now, anytime Yaga calls it’s always important.

 

    “I have news.”

 

 

     This sucks, why does he have to be the one to do this?  Geto sighs, is this the punishment he gets for being Satoru’s best friend?

 

     Geto sighs, no use just standing here.  He knocks on the front door, there… he’s done it.

 

     It doesn’t take long for Geto to hear the sound of small footprints running to the door.  There’s a click, and the door swings open to reveal Megumi.

 

     Geto will never admit it, but his heart pratically melts at the way the kid’s face lights up upon seeing him.  “Geto!”  Megumi steps back, letting Geto come inside.

 

     “Morning, Demon.”

 

      “Good timing, Gojo just finished making breakfast!”  Megumi grabs the man’s arm, tugging him in the direction of the kitchen.

 

     Geto follows, he needed to see Gojo anyway.

 

     “Gojo!  Geto’s here!”  It’s nice hearing Megumi sound happy to see him.  The last few days Geto’s been stopping by more and more, both to hang out with Satoru and to give Megumi the opportunity to get used to him some more.  It’s safe to say it worked.

 

     Satoru turns to face Geto, a smile on his face.  “Suguru!  You’re here early!  Shouldn’t you be in school?”

 

     “That’s what I came to talk to you about,” Geto takes it upon himself to sit down, helping himself to one of the pancakes on Megumi’s plate.  “Yaga wants you to come to class today.”

 

     Satoru scoffs, “no way, there’s way too much to do!”

 

     Geto sighs, he figured that Satoru would say something like that.  “It’s not up to you, Satoru.  You’re failing!”

 

     Satoru frowns, “what’re you talking about?  I can’t fail, I’m Satoru Gojo!”

 

     “You haven’t been doing the assignments, Principal Yaga told me you haven’t turned anything in since last month!”

 

     “Things came up!  You know that, Suguru!”

 

      “How could I forget?”  Geto knows that incident with the Zenin Clan had Satoru stressed to no end, but it didn’t change the fact that he was flunking high school.  “But if you can’t maintain your work as a Jujutsu Sorcerer what will your clan say?  Your ability as a sorcerer is their top priority and they’ll get rid of anything that impacts that.”

 

     Geto can’t explain it, but that somehow changed Satoru’s demeanor entirely.  He straightened his posture and became as stiff as a board.  “I can’t just leave Megumi.”

 

     “I’ll be ok, it’s not like I haven’t been home alone before.”  Megumi takes a bite of his breakfast.  “School is important right?”

 

     “Not more important that you!  I’m not leaving you home alone!”

 

      “Drop him off with Nanami for the day.  He’ll understand, Haibara watches the twins once a week so he can go to class.  He’ll understand the reason for it being last minute.”  Geto’s beginning to get annoyed.  He understands the hesitancy, but it’s still frustrating talking in circles with him.

 

     Satoru hums, weighing his options.  “Fine.”

 

     Geto claps his hands together, thank god that worked.  “Perfect!  Now, you go get ready, I’ll get Megumi dressed and take him to Nanami’s.”

 

 

     “Are you sure?”

 

      “That’s why I need you to watch the boys for me.  I want to be positive before I take them to meet him.”  Nanami has his phone wedged between his ear and shoulder while he makes breakfast.  “I wanted to speak with the mother before meeting the boy.  I thought the conversation would be easier that way.”  Nanami reaches over to grab a spatula, “but I know you’re falling behind on your work some, Haibara if you need to go to class I can always wait until after school.”

 

     “No!”  Haibara’s quick to respond.  “I love the kids, I don’t mind hanging out with them, and this is really important.  “Besides I already talked to Teach and she was really understanding and already let me leave.”

 

     Nanami sighs, at this point every damn Jujutsu Sorcerer knows his business at this point. “Fine, you can do your school work here too.  I feel bad your grades have gone down because of me.”

 

     “Not this again!  We’ve been over this, you being able to balance your school life and take care of the twins is much more important than a few extra points on my tests.  I’m helping because I want to.”

 

     “I know, but still.”  It’s no secret that Haibara usually scores higher than Nanami.  Out of the two of them, Haibara is clearly the smarter student, even if only by ten points or so.  Recently, though, Haibara’s grades have been falling behind a little, and now it seems their roles are reversed.  Nanami can’t help but blame himself.

 

     Nanami hears Haibara sigh, “don’t beat yourself up over it.  I’ll be there in five minutes.”

 

 

      Geto walks alongside Megumi, the kid’s hand, though still bandaged, has currently found purchase in Geto’s.

 

       Megumi hums to himself, he doesn’t seem too upset about the sudden separation from Satoru.  Geto thinks it’s because they’re going to see the twins.  “So, do you like Yuji and Sukuna?”

 

     Megumi nods, eyes shining with excitement.  “Obviously!  They’re my friends!  And I haven’t seen them in awhile!”

 

      Geto smiles, he’s glad that Megumi is so excited.  He’d rather deal with a happy Megumi than an upset one.

 

     They make it to Nanami’s place relatively quickly, Satoru and him live pretty close after all.  Geto knocks on the door before taking a step back and waiting beside Megumi.

 

      The door opens, revealing a man smaller than Nanami.

 

     Geto frowns, “Haibara?  What’re you doing here?”  This wasn’t right, Nanami went to to class on Thursdays.

 

     Haibara smiles at Geto, “oh Nanami had something important to do so I’m watching the twins while he’s out.”

 

     Geto inwardly curses, that complicates things for sure.  It wouldn’t be fair to Haibara to just drop Megumi off, especially since he’s not accustomed to Megumi’s situation at all.

 

     “Did you need something?”

 

     “Well, Satoru needs to come to class today, and I was hoping that Nanami could watch Megumi for him.  But I don’t want to bother you.”

 

     “I don’t mind!  The more the merrier!”  Haibara takes a step back, “why don’t you two step inside so Megumi can get situated!”

 

     Relief fills Geto, the world isn’t good enough for a man like Yu Haibara.  “Thank you so much, you have no idea…”

 

     Geto trails off, all attempts to walk through the door halted the second he feels the tug on his shirt.  Geto turns back to Megumi, the kid’s made no effort to move.  His eyes are wide and full of tears and Geto notes the way the kid is shaking.

 

     Geto looks to Haibara, who looks as concerned as Geto feels, and back to Megumi.  Something wasn’t right.  “Hey, Haibara, can you give us a minute?”

 

 

      The second the door opens Megumi feels like he can’t breathe.  This man definitely isn’t Nanami.

 

     “Haibara?  What’re you doing here?”

 

       The man, who Megumi now knows is Haibara, is smaller than Geto is, and his hair is black like Geto’s.  However, unlike Geto’s, his hair doesn’t cascade over his shoulders, it’s short, like his.

 

     Megumi stops listening to their conversation after that.  He scoots as close to Geto as he dares, keeping his eyes on the stranger in front of him.  He doesn’t like this, his chest feels tight and he wants nothing more than to turn and run all the way back home to Gojo.

 

     Realistically, Megumi knows that he’s probably being ridiculous.  Besides, Geto wouldn’t let anything happen to him… right?

 

     Geto starts to walk towards the man, farther from Megumi.  He can’t help it, he grabs on tight to whatever he can get ahold of.

 

      There’s another brief exchange between the two teenagers before Geto is in Megumi’s field of vision.  “Hey, Demon,” Geto’s voice is soft as he brings his hands up to cup Megumi’s face.  “What’s wrong?”

 

     Megumi looks back and forth between the now closed door and Geto.  Megumi shakes his head, even to him this seems silly.

 

     “Is it Haibara?  Is there something scary about him?”

 

     Megumi nods, he’s glad Geto was able to guess on his own.

 

     Geto brushes Megumi’s hair back, “listen, Haibara is the nicest person I know.”

 

     Megumi highly doubted that, “even nicer than Gojo?”

 

     “Definitely.  I promise.  And I won’t leave for school until you’re completely sure that he’s nice too.”

 

     Megumi frowns, he doesn’t want Geto to be late because of him.  “But-“

 

     “No buts, I’m staying.”

 

 

      God, Nanami is so nervous.  What will he even say to this lady anyway?  He knocks on the door, no turning back now.

 

     He doesn’t wait long before a tired young lady opens the door just enough for half of her body to be visible.  She eyes Nanami warily.

 

      Nanami clears his throat, his mouth suddenly feeling dry.  “Hello, Miss, are you Ms. Miura?

 

     The woman’s eye narrows, beginning to scan Nanami up and down.  “What do you want?”

 

     “My name is Kento Nanami, I believe Principal Yaga talked with you on the phone?”

 

     She opens the door all the way now, arms glued at her side.  “And?”

 

     “I’d like to discuss some things with you about your son.”

 

 

     Geto’s only ten minutes late to class.  He’s glad that Megumi warmed up to Haibara so quickly.

 

      “What took you so long?”  Satoru whispers loudly as Geto sits at the desk next to him.

 

     “Haibara was there.”  Luckily, Haibara seemed to know the gist of Megumi’s predicament, which saved a lot of time explaining.  Regardless, explaining triggers and calming strategies to Haibara while the kid clung to him was not a pleasant experience.

 

     Satoru frowns, “is Megs ok?  Maybe I should go-“

 

     “No, you’re staying right here.  Megumi will be fine, it’s just a few hours.”

 

     Satoru frowns, he doesn’t look too pleased with the idea of leaving Megumi for such a long time but he drops it, opting to listen to Yaga’s lecture.

 

     Geto does his best to pay attention, but Satoru’s picking at his nails again.  It’s a nasty habit Satoru had developed long before Geto had even met him.  Satoru used to pick at them till his fingers bled.  Geto had spent countless hours getting him to break the habit, so how come he’s doing it again?

 

     Satoru’s not even paying attention right now, he’s hunched over staring at his hands.  How is he supposed to improve his grade if he’s not listening?

 

      Geto should probably pay attention too.  He got Satoru here, it’s not his responsibility to make sure he pays attention too.

 

      Geto turns back to the front of the classroom.  Yaga’s writing something down on the chalkboard, a formula from the looks of it.

 

     “Now, this is used for…” Yaga trails off, eyes falling on Satoru.  “Gojo.”

 

     Geto turns to Satoru to see that he hasn’t reacted to the call of his name.

 

     “Gojo!”  Yaga yells, slammining his hand down on the desk so that it rings in Geto’s ears.

 

      The response is almost immediate.  Satoru jolts, sitting pin straight in his chair.  His hands fall into his lap and he tilts his head down to shield his eyes from Yaga’s view.

 

     “You’re failing, Satoru Gojo!  I suggest making an effort to pay attention!”

 

     “I’m sorry, sir.”  Geto frowns at Satoru’s words.  Satoru souds so small, so unlike himself that it makes Geto’s heart drop right to his chest.  Yaga’s yelled at them dozens of times, and Satoru’s never reacted like that.

 

     Yaga must notice Satoru’s odd behavior too.  He stares at Satoru for a moment, a frown gracing his features.  “Are you alright, Gojo?”

 

      Satoru nods, his hands clenching tightly in his lap.  "Fine.”

 
Notes:

    Hello! Someone had commented asking about a Christmas Special chapter, and I’m happy to announce that I’ve written one! It’s a little rushed (I was on a time crunch) but it’s done. Now, since I had a few more arcs planned before Christmas happens for them I won’t publish it as a chapter in the story. For now, it’s a one shot that has been posted for you to read now! Once we get to Christmas here in the actually fic then I’ll post the chapter here too. I hope that made sense.

    Merry Christmas!

Chapter 39: Family
Summary:

    Sukuna’s never really cared for Haibara much. He’s nice, sure, and Yuji really seems to like him, but he’s just too nice. How can someone be that nice all the time?

Notes:

    Happy New Year Everyone! I’ve brought you all a gift, especially you Ally ;)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Nanami is a nervous wreck.  He came to this woman’s house, fully prepared with what he was going to say, but now that he’s sitting in her living room his mind’s gone completely blank.

 

     Ms. Miura comes back with a tray of tea, setting it down in between them before sitting down herself.  “You said you wanted to talk to me?”

 

     “Yes,” Nanami fidgets in his seat for a moment before continuing.  “How much did Yaga tell you?”

 

     “He told me enough,” Ms. Miura places her hands in her lap.  For a while, she doesn’t say anything.  “He’s dead isn’t he?”

 

     Her words are so quiet, Nanami almost didn’t hear her.  “I’m afraid him and his wife passed away earlier this year, yes.”

 

     Nanami hears the woman’s breath hitch.  For a moment, he thinks she may start crying.  Instead, she scoffs, now looking more annoyed than upset.  “Always knew he’d wind up getting himself killed.”

 

     Nanami frowns, he hadn’t said anything about that.  “I didn’t say they were killed.”

 

     “Please, if they both died then it’s obvious.  The damn fool, he never even came to visit us.  Not once in seven years!”

 

     “I’m terribly sorry to hear that, miss.  I know this is a lot, but I came here to talk to you about your son.”

 

     “Yes, you’ve mentioned that.”  Ms. Miura sighs, leaning back in her chair.  “What about him?”

 

     “Is the father really Mr. Itadori?”

 

    The silence that follows makes Nanami’s ears ring.  He’d wanted to cut right to the chase, get this over with as soon as possible, but maybe he was a bit too insensitive in that regard.

 

     “And if he is?  What’s it to you?”  The woman stands up, “are you trying to make me feel guilty for something I’d done seven years ago?  I assure you he was the one who ruined my life, not the other way around!  I will not have you berate me in my own home about my past mistakes!”

 

     “No, you misunderstand me!”  Nanami pinches the bridge of his nose, trying not to panic.  He can still fix this, “I’m not here to criticize you by any means.  I’m here regarding Yuji and Sukuna Itadori.”

 

     “I see,” there’s still anger in her voice but at least she’s sitting again.  Nanami takes that as a good sign.  “His children I presume?”

 

     Nanami nods, “that’s correct, twins.  I’ve been taking care of them.”

 

      Ms. Miura gives him quite the look at that, like he’d just said something horrible.  “A tad young to be taking care of two boys.  I suppose you’re expecting me to take care of them now?  As if one wasn’t enough already, you’re trying to pawn off two more on me?”

 

     “No,” his voice comes out harsher than he intended, but this woman was harsh and she was starting to test his patience.  “Those are my boys.  They are my responsibility.  I would never, as you put it, ‘pawn off’ my kids to anyone.  Much less some woman I’ve never met before.”

 

     Ms. Miura scoffs, “then what do you want?”

 

     “Yuji and Sukuna have no other living relatives.  Your son is their last living family member.  All I ask is that they have a chance to have a family.”

 

     Whatever answer she was expecting it was not that.  “You want them to meet?  That’s all?”

 

     “Yes, just some way for them to be together and keep in touch is all.  I’d also like a chance to speak with your son beforehand about Yuji and Sukuna’s situation.  It’s very unique and I’d like him to be aware of it beforehand.”

 

     Ms. Miura doesn’t respond for a moment, clearly thinking Nanami’s request over.  “Very well.  He’ll be home soon, you can talk with him then.”

 

 

     Sukuna’s never really cared for Haibara much.  He’s nice, sure, and Yuji really seems to like him, but he’s just too nice.   How can someone be that nice all the time?

 

     Sukuna has a theory that he’s really good at pretending to be nice.  Haibara may always seem genuine, but Sukuna thinks it’s impossible for someone to have a smile permanently glued to his face.  That being said he’s never really disliked Haibara…

 

     That is until right now.  For whatever reason, Megumi seems absolutely terrified of Haibara, and if that isn’t a good enough reason to not like someone then he doesn’t know what is.

 

     Now that Geto’s left, all the courage that Megumi had worked up is gone, and he’s been hiding behind Sukuna ever since.

 

     It’s fine, if it makes Megumi feel better, he can cling to Sukuna all he wants he doesn’t really mind.

 

     “So, Megumi, is there anything you like to do?  Maybe we can all play a game?”  Haibara talks soft and gives Megumi a reassuring smile.

 

     Sukuna looks to Megumi, who’s staring at Haibara like he’s a cornered animal.  “Uhm, I don’t know,” his voice is quiet.

 

     “That’s ok, I think Yuji has a dinosaur coloring book.  Geto said you like animals right?”

 

     “Yeah.”

 

     “Ok, wait there, I’ll go get it!”  Haibara moves to get up.  Sukuna doesn’t miss the way Megumi’s grip on his arm tightens.

 

     A few minutes go by before Haibara’s back with a plethora of coloring supplies.  “I just grabbed all of the coloring books, is that ok, Yuji?”

 

      Yuji nods, giving a hum of approval.

 

      And just like that, the four of them are at the table coloring.  Sukuna’s glad that Megumi’s turned his attention to something other than Haibara.  He was starting to stress Sukuna out.

 

     Sukuna doesn’t mind this, he could sit here all day and color.

 

     After a few minutes, Haibara leaves to go do something in the kitchen, Sukuna didn’t listen long enough to find out why.

 

     Sukuna looks at Megumi, whose tongue sticks out slightly as he colors.  He seems ok now, but what had him so scared in the first place?  “Hey, Megumi?”

 

     Megumi hums, not looking up from his coloring book.

 

     “Why’re you so scared of Haibara?”

 

     Megumi stops coloring at that, looking up at Sukuna with a surprised look on his face.  “It’s… well it’s kind of silly.”

 

     Sukuna frowns, if it has Megumi so freaked out it can’t possibly be silly.  “If you’re scared then it’s not silly.”

 

     Megumi chews on his lip.  Sukuna’s noticed he does that a lot, he wonders why.  “He just looks like someone.”

 

    Sukuna’s confused, why would he be scared of him because of that?  “Who does he look like?”

 

     Megumi seems to shrink in on himself at that, looking down at his lap. “Someone mean.”

 

     Sukuna wants to keep asking questions.  If someone’s being mean to Megumi then he wants to do something about it.  Are they still being mean?  Does Gojo know?  He really does want to ask, but Megumi has the same look on his face Yuji gets when he’s getting overwhelmed, so he stops.

 

     Sukuna’s about to go back to coloring, when he notices Haibara walking back into the room, coming up behind Megumi before placing one of the three mugs he’s managed to carry down right next to him…

 

     And that’s when things go horribly wrong.

 

 

     Satoru’s been acting really weird.  He’s quiet, for starters, and that’s not even the most concerning thing.  The way he’s carrying himself is all wrong, he’s tense and standing so perfectly straight that it’s making Geto’s back hurt just looking at him.

 

      Needless to say, it’s been hard for Geto to pay attention to the actual lesson.  Their lunch break is coming up, hopefully Geto can ask Satoru what’s bothering him then.

 

     He can’t do anything right now.  His best friend is clearly distraught about something, but he can’t do anything in the middle of the lecture.  He should try and listen for the rest of the class period…

 

     A wad of paper hits Geto smack in his temple.  Geto looks in the direction of Shoko with a frown on his face.

 

     Shoko stares back, pointing aggressively at the crumpled paper on his desk.

 

     He sighs, so much for paying attention.  Geto picks up the note.

 

     ‘ I’m worried about Gojo.’

 

     Geto’s heart drops to his stomach.  So she noticed too.

 

     Geto digs in his pocket for a pencil, hastily scribbling down a response:

 

     ‘ You noticed too?’

 

     They’re not being very sneaky about it.  If Yaga saw them then he chose not to say anything about it.

 

     ‘ He hasn’t been himself for awhile.’

 

     Geto stares at the note, for awhile?  He knows that Satoru’s been much more caring and attentive than he used to be.  That’s probably just because of Megumi though, everything that Satoru does now is for Megumi.  ‘What do you mean?’

 

      ‘Megumi’s situation is similar to his.  I noticed it after the incident with the Zenin clan.  Gojo seemed to spiral and I’m worried about his mental health.’

 

     Geto looks to Satoru subconsciously.  Uneasiness settles into his gut.  Satoru did seem to be prioritizing Megumi more and more.  That’s to be expected, parents tend to priorities their kids after all.   Though that incident a couple weeks ago where he fainted now has Geto’s second guessing whether it’s more than that.

 

 

    “Mom?  I’m home!”  He walks through the door, immediately moving to take his shoes off.  Weird, usually his mother’s at the door to greet him.

 

     “We’re in the living room!”

 

      We? Do they have company?  The kid smooths his shirt down, he knows how important it is to his mom that he’s polite to guests.

 

     When he gets to the living room he’s staring at a man he’s never seen before.  “Who’s this?”  He’s too young to be one of mom’s friends, so he isn’t really sure who this man could be.

 

     The man stands, holding out his hand, “hello, my name is Kento Nanami.  It’s nice to meet you.”

 

     The kid takes the hand before speaking, “Choso Miura.  How do you know my mom?”

 

      “It’s, complicated.  Let’s sit down first,” Nanami takes a seat back in his chair.

 

     Choso copies the action, sitting down across from Nanami.  This is all very weird.  “What is this about, Mr. Nanami?”

 

     “Did you know your father?”

 

     This wasn’t the conversation Choso thought he would be having when he got home from school today.  Choso shakes his head, “mom doesn’t like to talk about him much.”

 

     Choso then listens as Nanami explains how his father was in a horrible accident and passed away earlier this year.  He supposes he should be sad, he just found out his dad had died, but can he really be upset when he’s never met him?

 

     “The reason why I’m telling you this, is because your father had two other sons.  They’re your half brothers.”

 

     Choso couldn’t believe what he was hearing, he had brothers?  For as long as he can remember he’s wanted a real family.  A family with brothers and sisters and a mom and dad.  He’s always been so envious of everyone around him, they had what he couldn’t, a family.  And now, this man is saying that he has brothers?  “I’m a big brother?”

 

     Nanami smiles, “yes.”

 

      Choso jumps up, getting as close to Nanami as he possibly can without sitting in the man’s lap.  “What are they like?  How old are they?  What are their names?  When can I meet them?”  Choso rattles off questions like his life depends on it, he wants to know everything he can about his new brothers.

 

      Nanami leans back, eyes wide in surprise at the kid’s sudden burst of energy.  “Their names are Yuji and Sukuna.  They’re both four years old.”

 

     “Twins?”  Nanami nods in response to his question, “can I meet them?”

 

     “That’s why I’m here.  I’d like to talk to you about their situation.  They’ve been through quite a lot.”

 

     Choso frowns, he doesn’t like the sound of that.  “What happened?”

 

     “Well, the boys were both… present during the accident.  They’re the only two survivors.”

 

     They were there?  Were they hurt?  Choso didn’t like the idea of his new baby brothers being hurt.  “Are they ok?  What happened?”

 

     Nanami stares at Choso, a hesitant expression on his face.  “They weren’t harmed, but the experience was very traumatic for the both of them.”

 

     Of course it was traumatic, Choso thinks it would be awful to have to see something like that, especially when they’re so small.  “Are they doing better now?”

 

     Nanami nods, “it’s been difficult for them, but they’re doing much better.  Though I wanted to discuss this with you because new people can be overwhelming for them sometimes.”

 

     Choso nods, that makes sense, he doesn’t like new people either.

 

     “Yuji is especially skittish, it’s best to not sneak up behind him, there’s also a chance he’ll be scared of you at first.  Then there’s Sukuna, he’s very cautious of people he doesn’t know, it may take some time for him to warm up to you.”

 

     Choso’s a little upset hearing his new siblings might not like him right away, but that’s ok, he’ll give them all the time they need.  “Anything else?”

 

     “Just one, Yuji can’t talk.”

 

     Choso frowns, “he can’t talk?  Why not?”

 

     “He lost the ability to talk after the accident.  Sometimes when someone goes through something traumatic they loose the ability to talk.  He’s been working on finding his voice again.  It’s a very difficult and frustrating process for him.  If he tries talk please be patient with him.”

 

     Of course he’ll be patient, Choso will give those boys all the time in the world.  They’re family after all.

 

 
Notes:

    This was a lot of dialogue but we are setting up the rest of it. HAPPY NEW YEAR

Chapter 40: A Slithering Surprise
Summary:

    Megumi isn’t sure what he did or how he did it. One second he was fine, the next thing he knew he saw a familiar figure in the corner of his eye and he jolted so violently that he fell out of his chair.

     

    TRIGGER WARNING:
    - referenced child abuse, but it’s not like stated more so like referenced in the way our poor boy acts

Notes:

    I’m back baby, this is another chapter that has to be split in half so get ready for another chapter tomorrow!

    We’re picking up right where we left off with Haibara and the kiddos so buckle up!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text



 

     Megumi isn’t sure what he did or how he did it.  One second he was fine, the next thing he knew he saw a familiar figure in the corner of his eye and he jolted so violently that he fell out of his chair. 

 

      His head smacks against the table on the way down, pain explodes in the back of his head, but that’s hardly his concern.  He’s moving on autopilot, not really aware of what he’s doing.  He’s just as surprised as everyone else when a large, white snake suddenly appears in the middle of the room.

 

     Megumi stares at the snake, scrambling to back away from it.  He didn’t think he even knew how to summon the snake… guess he was wrong.

 

     Yuji’s screaming, and Megumi thinks someone else is trying to talk to him, but it’s hard to focus on anything with the blood rushing in his ears.

 

      The snake slithers forward, not taking its eyes off Megumi.

 

      Megumi stares back, tears beginning to pool in his eyes.  What does he do?  His dogs are nice and listen to him, but what if this snake is like Nue?  He wants Gojo.

 

     The snake moves to lunge at Megumi, snapping forward.  Only it’s yanked back at the last second.  

 

     Megumi looks up to see Haibara, holding the Shikigami by the tail.  “Megumi!  Put it away!”

 

      There’s an urgency in Haibara’s voice, and Megumi watches in alarm as the snake tries to snap at Haibara as it dangles.  “I- I don’t…” Megumi tries to think, what hand sign did he use?  “I don’t know how!”

 

      “What?!”  The snake’s decided to try wrapping itself around Haibara’s arm.  “Try and remember!”

 

     Megumi knows that Haibara is panicking, but the yelling isn’t doing Megumi any favors.

 

     Haibara flings his arm a few times, causing the snake to fly off Haibara’s arm and right at Megumi’s feet.

 

     Megumi needs to think, he knows his dad had shown him all the hand signs when he first figured out he could use Shikigami.  He knows he’s at least seen the hand sign before, but what was it?

 

    The snake lunges for Megumi again, aiming for his face.

 

      Only suddenly there’s and arm in front of Megumi, successfully blocking the snake.  

 

     “Megumi!”  It was Haibara, he was about two inches from Megumi’s face.

 

       Haibara looks upset, probably for good reason, there’s a snake attached to his arm after all.

 

      Megumi flinches back, shutting his eyes tight before clapping his hands together.  He hopes whatever hand sign he just made works.

 

     After a moment Megumi cracks his eyes open, finding no snake and an absolute wreck.  There’s paper and crayons everywhere.  Megumi’s chair is on the floor next to him and he notices that Yuji and Sukuna’s are on the ground too.

 

     Megumi looks around finding Yuji and Sukuna hiding behind the corner.   He feels terrible.  He made a mess of everything.  He’s already gotten in trouble once for summoning Nue and trashing the kitchen, now he’s gone and ruined someone else’s house.

 

     “Megumi.”

 

      Megumi jumps in response to the soft voice.  He finds Haibara next to him, holding his arm.

 

     Megumi looks at the injury, that was his fault.  His guilt increases tenfold and suddenly he’s choking on his own sobs.  He can barely breathe, Haibara’s gonna be mad at him for sure.  Megumi doesn't think he can take anyone yelling at him right now.

 

     Maybe if he apologizes now he can avoid any more hurt.  So, Megumi begins spilling out a plethora of apologies, saying he didn’t mean it and practically begging Haibara not to hurt him.

 

     “Megumi.”  Haibara’s voice is more stern this time, but he still doesn’t sound mad.  “Megumi, kiddo, look at me please.”

 

     Megumi looks up, for some reason, there’s a sad expression on Haibara’s face.

 

     “I’m not mad.”

 

     Megumi can’t believe what he’s hearing.  “You’re not?”

 

     “God, no!  I shouldn’t have come up behind you it was my fault.”  Haibara manages to give him a smile, “you don’t have to apologize, I’m ok.”

 

     It’s an obvious lie, but hearing that he’s ok does make Megumi feel just a little better.

 

     Haibara turns to Sukuna, “Sukuna, honey can you get the first aid kit for me?  And Yuji, Megumi hit his head, do you think you can grab an ice pack?”

 

     The two leave, leaving Megumi alone with Haibara.

 

      Megumi scoots away from Haibara.  He hates that he starts to feel panicked again.  Haibara just hurt himself trying to keep Megumi safe and he’s still scared?  Haibara’s been nothing but nice, but Megumi can’t even be brave for him.

 

     “Hey, Kiddo, I need you to breathe.”

 

      Megumi shakes his head.  He can’t get his lungs to work even if he tries.

 

     “Do you want me to call Gojo?”

 

      Yes.  That’s all Megumi wants is to hear Gojo’s voice and for him to tell Megumi that it’s all ok.  He almost tells Haibara this, but then he remembers how Geto said he was failing and how if he called then Gojo would leave school right away.  “No you can’t, he’s failing.”

 

     Haibara hums, “how about Geto?”

 

 

     This is it, they’re finally on lunch break.  Shoko and Geto are determined to talk with Satoru.

 

     They’re sitting at a picnic table just outside the classroom.

 

       The two stare at Satoru from across the table.  The silence is crushing Geto, they only have thirty minutes, and the longer they wait to say something the harder it’ll be.  

 

      “Gojo,” oh thank God, Shoko started.  “We wanted to talk to you.”

 

     Satoru looks to her, giving her a frown.  “What is it?”

 

      “Well… we’re worried about you.”

 

     Satoru doesn’t seem to react to Shoko’s words.  Geto can’t tell what he’s thinking, which is odd, considering usually he can practically read Satoru’s mind.

 

     “Why?  I’m fine.”

 

      Geto looks down, Satoru’s picking at his nails again.  He puts his hands over Satoru’s, effectively stopping the action.

 

     Geto watches Satoru look down at their hands, then up to Geto.  There’s an unreadable emotion behind Satoru’s eyes.

 

     Geto frowns, since when could he see Satoru’s eyes through his sunglasses?  He’ll have to ask about that later.  “Satoru,” Geto thinks his voice is softer than it’s ever been.  “What’s wrong?”

 

      For a moment Satoru just stares at him, eyes wide.  Then his lip wobbles, “I don’t-“ his voice breaks, and Geto think his heart might’ve shattered right there.  “I don’t know.”

 

      Geto brushes the back of Satoru’s hand with his thumb.  He doesn’t say anything, deciding to give Satoru the opportunity to collect himself.

 

     Satoru doesn’t pull himself together, instead his tears fall full force.  “Something’s just wrong.”

 

      This isn’t really how Geto thought this conversation would go, he figured Satoru would just say he was worried about Megumi, but this?  

 

     Shoko’s at Satoru’s side in an instant.

 

      Satoru reacts immediately, practically melting into Shoko’s side.

 

     Geto doesn’t really know what to do, but sitting across from them felt wrong.  So, Geto joins them, squeezing in on Satoru’s other side.

 

      He doesn’t dare let go of Satoru’s hands, especially now that his best friend is now clutching them like it’s a lifeline.

 

      Geto didn’t realize Satoru was struggling so much.  He figured that taking care of a kid that’s gone through so much would be hard.  Satoru always made it seem so effortless, but maybe, just this once, Satoru had bit off more then he could chew. 

 

     Satoru’s babbling through his sobs now, Geto thought it would maybe be about what’s wrong.  Instead, he talks about Megumi.

 

     Shoko leans her head on Satoru’s, putting a hand on his leg as she listens to what he says.

 

      Geto listens too.  Satoru’s talking about Megumi and his situation with Fushiguro.  He realizes that all the things Satoru’s mentioning are similar to his situation from before Jujutsu High.  The pressure he was put under, the way he was treated… all of it sounded like what Satoru had to endure.  Was this subconscious?  Was Satoru aware that these similarities were the reason he was struggling so much?  Geto doubts it.

 

     Geto’s phone decides to go off.  It’s poor timing, and for a second he thinks about ignoring it, but something in his gut tells him otherwise.  He manages to pry one of his hands from Satoru to dig the phone out of his pocket.  It’s Haibara.

 

     Geto frowns, if Haibara’s calling him then something must’ve happened… as if enough hasn’t happened today.  Geto gives Satoru’s hand a quick squeeze before moving to get up.  “I’ll be right back.”

 

     Geto walks about five feet before he answers the phone.  “Haibara?”

 

      “Geto,” there’s a sob on the end of the line.  This is definitely not Haibara on the phone.  “I thought you weren’t gonna answer.”

 

     Geto sighs, continuing to walk further away from the two at the table.  “I’m here now.  Take a deep breath, kid.”  Why is it that both times Megumi’s called him the kid’s been in the middle of a panic attack?

 

       Geto waits till he hears a shaky breath on the other end of the line before speaking.  “What’s wrong?”

 

     “I’m sorry!  It was an accident!  I didn’t mean it,” Megumi’s words are all strung together with sobs, but that doesn’t stop him from continuously babbling.

 

     Geto can’t even begin to decipher what the kid is saying, but when he makes out the word ‘hurt’ in a sentence he can feel his heart stop.  “What do you mean hurt?!  Whose hurt?  Are you ok?”

 

     “I’m fine,” Megumi’s voice is quiet, something tells Geto he’s not being truthful.

 

     “Ok, I need you to slow down, Megumi.  Tell me what happened.”

 

     “It’s all my fault,” god Megumi sounds so upset.

 

     “That’s not true!”  There’s a faint voice in the background of the call, it’s clearly Haibara yelling from wherever he is in the room.  “It was my fault, I spooked him!”

 

     “No, it’s my fault.  I’m really sorry, Geto I don’t even know how I did it.”

 

     “It’s ok, just tell me what happened,” Geto was beginning to feel anxious, he just wants Megumi to tell him what happened.

 

     Megumi then explains how Haibara scared him so bad he’d summoned a new Shikigami he’s never seen before and that Haibara got bit trying to keep Megumi safe while he tried to figure out how to put it back.

 

     “I’m glad you’re alright.”

 

      “I messed up bad,” Megumi lets out another sob.  “Dad’s gonna be so mad at me.”

 

     Geto frowns, “Satoru’s not gonna be mad, Kid.”  If anything, he’ll be glad the kid tried to defend himself, even if he did blow things out of proportion.

 

     “No, he’s gonna know!  He always knows!”  Megumi’s starting to sound frantic now, “I can’t take him being mad at me.”

 

     “Megumi, listen, no one is mad, ok?  Do you hear me?  You didn’t do anything wrong.”  Geto, needs Megumi to believe it.  “I’m coming over.”

 

     “No, don’t.  I don’t want to-“

Megumi lets out a yelp, “hey!”

 

     “Megumi?”

 

     “That was cold!”  If Megumi hears Geto he makes no effort to respond.

 

     “It is an ice pack, Megumi.”  Geto can make out Haibara’s voice if he listens hard enough.  “It’ll help.  It’s already swelling.”

 

     Megumi’s hurt, Geto knew he was lying.  “Megumi!”

 

     “Sorry, I’m here.”

 

     “Did you get hurt?”  Geto asks in a more serious tone, maybe that’ll let Megumi know he can’t lie this time.

 

     “I’m ok, I just hit my head on the table when I fell.”

 

       Geto supposes that’s better than getting strangled by a snake.  “Alright, just sit tight.  I’m letting Yaga know the situation and I’ll be over as soon as I can.”

 

     “Ok, can we stay on the phone?”  God, Megumi sounds so small.

 

      “Yeah of course.”

 

 

      When Nanami comes home he finds the house an absolute mess.  He leaves for a few hours and this is what he comes home to?

 

     “Are you gonna die?”  Nanami frowns when he hears Sukuna’s faint voice. 

 

     There’s a laugh, then, “no.  It’s just a bite, I’ll be ok.”  A bite?  Did one of the boys bite Haibara?

 

     “But, Megumi says that some snakes are poisonous.”

 

     “Venomous,” that voice is even quieter, and very shaky.  Nanami has a hard time placing it.

 

     “Right, Venomous, same thing.”

 

      “Not really.”

 

      “It doesn’t matter, because it wasn’t venomous or poisonous.  Yuji, hand me the scissors, honey.”  What does Haibara need scissors for?

 

     Nanami is confused as to what they could possibly be talking about.  “I’m home!”

 

      “Nanami!  Don’t move!”  Haibara yells from the direction of the kitchen.

 

     “Why?”

 

     “Because you’ll freak out.”

 

     Nanami doesn’t like the sound of that.  “Haibara what happened?”

 

     “I would like to start by saying it was a complete accident, and it looks much worse than it actually is.”  

 

     Well that doesn’t ease Nanami’s worries at all.  “Damnit, Haibara, tell me what’s going on!”

 

     “Alright hold on, we’re coming.”  

 

     The twins come into the room first, Yuji barreling into Nanami for a hug.

 

    Haibara follows shortly after, his arm crudely bandaged up and a trembling Megumi at his heels.

 

     Nanami stares at Megumi, confused.  “Megumi?”

 

      Megumi looks up, his eyes filling up with tears the moment he sees him.  “I’m sorry!”

 

      Nanami isn’t sure what Megumi is apologizing for, but he’s coughing and choking on sobs.  Clearly something happened to have Megumi so upset.

 

     “Oh, Megumi it’s ok.  Come here.”  Nanami scoops the kid up, holding him close.

 

     “I didn’t mean to!”

 

      Nanami’s not really sure what Megumi could’ve done to warrant such a reaction, but he believes Megumi when he says it was an accident.  “I know, it’s alright.”  Nanami moves to put a hand on the back of Megumi’s head.

 

     The response is almost instant.  Megumi jerks his head away, letting out a loud cry in response.

 

     Nanami pulls his hand away, surprised.  He looks to Haibara, hoping to get some kind of explanation.

 

      “He, uh, fell and smacked his head against the table.”

 

      “He- well why didn’t you say something?”  Nanami can’t believe this, how can so much go wrong in such a short amount of time.  “Megumi, I’m just going to check your head, ok?  I’ll be gentle just let me know if it hurts.

 

      Nanami feels around, sure enough, there’s a big knot on the back of Megumi’s head.  He turns to Haibara, “start talking.”

 

     Haibara begins to explain, telling Nanami about Gojo’s situation and the reason for Megumi being here, before going to explain how Megumi being scared of Haibara had caused the whole mess they see here now.

 

     No wonder Megumi’s so worked up.  That snake probably surprised him just as much as anyone else.  “Did you call Gojo?”

 

      “No, Megumi told me not to.  We called Geto. He’ll be here soon.”  As if Haibara timed it, there’s a loud, frantic knock on the front door.

 

      Haibara opens the door, revealing a very disheveled Geto.

 

      Geto’s eyes immediately landed on Megumi.  “You weren’t answering me.”

 

      Megumi looks up from his spot on Nanami’s shoulder.  Nanami only now sees the phone clutched tightly in Megumi’s hands.  “Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.”

 

     Geto sighs, putting his own phone away, “I’m just glad you’re ok.”  Geto holds his hands out, taking Megumi from Nanami.  “I’m really sorry, Nanami.  He was fine when I left.  I wanted to keep an eye on Satoru, I wasn’t thinking.”

 

      Nanami isn’t really sure what to say.  He’s not upset, despite the state of the house.  It’s not like Geto knew this would happen.  “It’s alright, it was an accident.”

 

     Geto holds Megumi close, Nanami’s surprised just how protective he seems of the kid.  “I can help stay and cleanup if you want, I don’t mind.”

 

     Nanami looks down to the trembling bundle in Geto’s arms.  Nanami knows from experience that dealing with a kid that shaken up takes a lot of effort.  It wouldn’t be fair for Megumi to take that attention from him.  “No, it’s ok.  Go.”

 

      Nanami wait for the two to leave before flopping down on the couch.  Today’s been exhausting. 

 

     “Nanami?”  Nanami looks over at Sukuna who’s approaching him with a hesitancy that seems out of character for him. 

 

     Nanami sits up, giving his full attention to Sukuna, “what is it, Dumpling?”

 

       “Well,” Sukuna pauses as he wrings his hands together.  “I think someone’s being mean to Megumi.”

 

     Nanami frowns, that’s not quite what what he was expecting.  “What makes you say that?”

 

     “He said Haibara looks like someone that’s mean.”  Sukuna pouts, his eyebrows pinched with worry.  

 

      Nanami freezes at that, eyes glancing over to Haibara who looks just as surprised at that news.  Haibara’s haircut is pretty similar…

 

     No wonder Megumi was so freaked out. 

 

      “Mom used to say to tell an adult if someone is being mean. Can we do something, Nanami?”  Nanami looks back to Sukuna to see the kid almost in tears.  “You should’ve seen how scared he was,” his voice breaks off into a sob at the end.

 

     “Oh, Sukuna.”  Nanami picks him up.  It’s not often that Sukuna is so open with his emotions, he must be really worried about Megumi.  “I promise that no one is being mean to Megumi anymore.”

 

     “Then why was he so scared?”

 

      Nanami isn’t sure how to explain this.  “He was really mean.  He was bigger than Megumi, and was supposed to protect him, but instead he was mean.  Gojo was the one who got Megumi away from him and protects him now.”

 

     It seemed to be a good enough answer, because Sukuna seems to relax some.  He rests his head on Nanami’s shoulder, “like how you protect me?”

 

     Nanami can’t help but smile, how’d he get such sweet kids?  “Exactly, Dumpling.  Like how I protect you.”
Notes:

    Ta da! This is actually a little more than half the chapter, so the next one is going to be a little shorter, but this felt like the best place to end it!

Chapter 41: I Love You
Summary:

    Geto feels so out of his element. He doesn’t know Megumi like Satoru does, doesn’t know how to help him feel better or reassure him. “You know… my parents aren’t Jujutsu Sorcerers. They can’t see curses like you or me.”

Notes:

    The second half of the chapter is here!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Geto doesn’t think Megumi’s stopped crying since they left Nanami’s house.  Geto took Megumi back to his dorm.  He didn’t have a key to Satoru’s place and it was the only place he could think to go.

 

     Megumi’s pressed up against Geto, practically engulfed in one of Geto’s sweatshirts.

 

     Geto’s not sure how much longer the two can sit here like this.  He might have to call Satoru after all.

 

     Satoru … Geto almost forgot about all the stuff that happened with Satoru today.  He feels bad for leaving Shoko to deal with that, but he very well couldn’t have left Megumi to fend for himself.

 

     “I’m sorry,” Geto looks down at Megumi, watching as the tears stream down his face.  “I make a mess out of everything.”

 

     “Now, That’s not true and you know it, Megumi.”  Geto pulls the kid closer to him, “you were just scared.  No one thinks you messed anything up.”

 

     “Right,” Megumi looks down at his hands.  Something tells Geto that Megumi didn’t believe him.

 

     Geto feels so out of his element.  He doesn’t know Megumi like Satoru does, doesn’t know how to help him feel better or reassure him.  “You know… my parents aren’t Jujutsu Sorcerers.  They can’t see curses like you or me.”

 

     “They can’t?”  Megumi sniffs, rubbing his eyes.

 

     Geto shakes his head, “it took them awhile to realize there wasn’t something wrong with me.  They didn’t believe me right away when I would tell them about the curses I would see.”

 

     Geto pauses, glancing down at Megumi.  The kid seems to be intrigued, so he continues.  “I didn’t have anyone guiding me or teaching me how to use my cursed technique.  And sometimes, I would make a mistake and the curse I let out would run all over the house.”

 

     “Did your parents get mad?”

 

     “Yeah, but do you know why they would get mad?”

 

     “No.”

 

     “Because they didn’t understand, Megumi.  I was seven when I first started using my cursed technique… seven and I would mess up constantly.  You’re only four .  It’s ok to make mistakes.”

 

 

     Between the four of them, they were able to clean everything up rather quickly.

 

      Nanami sighs, glad that all that cleaning is finally done.  “Well, boys!  I say we bake some celebration brownies!”

 

     “Celebration?”  Sukuna frowns, “what are we celebrating?”

 

     That’s right, he hadn’t told the boys about Choso yet.  With all the commotion when he first arrived he had completely forgotten.  “Well, you know how I had something really important to do today?”

 

     “Yeah,” Sukuna hops up onto the couch, Yuji close behind.  “What about it?”

 

     “Well, I met someone today.”  Nanami sits down as well, this is most likely going to be a long conversation.

 

     “Who was it?”

 

     Nanami hesitates for a moment, he needs to word this carefully.  He doesn’t want to accidentally put their father in a bad light, after all.  “Before you two were born, your dad had a kid.  I found out last night and wanted to make sure it was true first.  So I went to his house today, and met Choso, your older brother.”

 

 

     Sukuna couldn’t believe what he was hearing… they had another brother?  “Our Older Brother?”

 

     “Well, half brother.  He has a different mom.”

 

     Yuji leans forward, his eyes seem to light up.  Encouraging Nanami to talk more, at lest he seems excited about the news.

 

     Sukuna’s not sure how he feels about this.  He likes their little family, he doesn’t want things to change.  It’s supposed to be just him, his brother and his dad.  What’s going to happen now that someone else will be in the picture?

 

    And an older brother?  He’s supposed to be the older brother.  If Sukuna’s not the older brother then what is he?

 

     “We’re supposed to go meet him tomorrow.  He’s very excited to meet you two.”

 

     Tomorrow?  So Sukuna gets the rest of today before it’s all ruined?  His chest feels tight, things can’t change again!  Last time things changed everything got flipped upside down.  Sukuna can’t do that again.

 

      “Dumpling?  Everything alright?”

 

      Sukuna didn’t even realize he started crying until Nanami said something.  “It’s all ruined!”

 

      “Hey,” Nanami puts his hands on Sukuna’s shoulders.  “Nothing’s ruined, Honey.  What are you talking about?”

 

     “Everything is gonna be different!”  Sukuna sobs, he knows it’s silly to be crying, but he’s too upset to really care.

 

     Nanami scoops Sukuna up, holding him tight to his chest.  “It’s alright, things are supposed to change.”

 

      “I don’t want them to!  Last time-“ he sobs.  “Last time it…” he trails off, he doesn’t really want to say what happened last time, not with Yuji right there.

 

     “It’s ok.  Change can be scary, I know,” Nanami smooths Sukuna’s hair down before continuing. “But change can be a good thing.  And you’re not alone.  You have us to help you.”

 

      “But I’m not the big brother anymore!”  Sukuna buries his face in Nanami’s shirt.  “What am I supposed to be now?”

 

     “You’re still a big brother,” Sukuna couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  “You’re still older than Yuji, you’re just also a little brother too.”

 

      Sukuna isn’t quite sure how you can be both, but Nanami’s right.  He was still going to be older than Yuji.  He closes his eyes, willing himself to relax.  Nanami’s warm, and Sukuna feels safe.  He thinks, that as long as he has his dad, then he’ll be ok.

 

 

      God, Gojo’s exhausted.  Who would’ve thought that today would’ve been so eventful?

 

      He should probably feel embarrassed that he’d broke down in front of his friends, but he’s too tired to really care.

 

     It’s the end of the day now, Gojo can’t wait to pick Megumi up from Nanami’s and just spend the rest of the day with his kid.

 

      “Gojo, wait up!”

 

       Gojo stops, turning to see Shoko running to catch up with him.  “What is it?”

 

      “Geto texted me a while ago.  Megumi is with him in his dorm.  I’ll walk with you.”

 

       Gojo frowns, that’s why Suguru never came back?  Why is Megumi with him?  “Did something happen?”

 

      “He didn’t say.”  Shoko readjusts her bag before they begin to walk side by side.

 

      “It’s probably nothing,” Gojo wasn’t sure if he was trying to reassure Shoko or himself.  “He probably had a panic attack and Haibara didn’t know what to do.”

 

      “I’m sure he’s fine, Gojo.”  Shoko looks at him, she stares at him with a softness that Gojo’s never seen from her.  He suspects it has something to do with him crying.

 

      “Yeah,” Gojo looks away, trying to ignore the look she’s giving him.  Honestly, he’s fine!  He’s the strongest sorcerer, after all, the pride of the Gojo clan!  He’s always fine.

 

      They walk in silence after that.  He’s not quite sure what to say to Shoko.  They’re close, yes, but Shoko’s always been mindful about keeping her distance, it’s why she refuses to use his first name even now.  He should apologize, he didn’t mean to dump all of his emotions on her and Suguru.  They just asked him what was wrong, and Suguru, he looked at Gojo with nothing but support, and suddenly, Gojo couldn’t hold it in anymore.

 

     They arrive at Suguru’s place before he can figure out an apology.  Gojo doesn’t knock, he just waltzed in like he’s always done.  “Suguru?”

 

      Suguru’s head pops out of the door way.  “Hey,” he closes the door to his bedroom carefully, as if to not make much noise.  “He fell asleep.”

 

      Gojo frowns, Megumi’s not much of a napper.  The only time he falls asleep is when something happens that drains him.  “What happened?  Did he have a panic attack?”

 

      “Well… yes,” Suguru goes on to explain the incident that occurred with Megumi’s Shikigami.

 

      Gojo feels sick, he didn’t see a resemblance between Haibara and Fushiguro.  Besides their hair, the two couldn’t be more different.

 

      Gojo then looks to Suguru.  He thinks to how he’s been wearing his hair different ever since Gojo had a migraine… had something happened then too?

 

      “He was freaking out.  He was absolutely convinced you’d be upset with him.”  Suguru runs a hand through his hair, he suddenly looks tired.

 

     Gojo feels guilty, this wasn’t Suguru’s responsibility, it was his.  His best friend shouldn’t have to deal with the weight on his kid’s shoulders, that is for Gojo to bear alone.  “Thanks for taking care of him.  I’ll talk with him.”

 

      Gojo slips into the room, finding Megumi engulfed in one of Suguru’s sweatshirts.  There are tear tracks running down the poor kid’s face, and he looks troubled even in his sleep.

 

     Gojo moves to sit next to him, noticing the open book lying face down on the nightstand.  “Harry Potter?”

 

     “He wanted me to keep talking.”  Suguru picks the book up, placing the bookmark in before placing it down.

 

     Gojo smiles, running a hand through Megumi’s hair.  He’s being gentle, Suguru had mentioned he hit his head.

 

     Megumi’s face scrunches up before he cracks his eyes open.  He looks at Gojo, a dazed sort of look in his eyes.  “Dad?”

 

     Gojo’s heart swells at his quiet voice, “hey, Gremlin.  How’re you feeling?”

 

     Megumi frowns, his lip trembling.  “Bad, I messed up.”  Gojo can see the tears building up in the kid’s eyes again.  “I’m sorry.”

 

     “Hey, now.  None of that.  You didn’t do anything wrong.”  Gojo brushes away a tear with his thumb.  “You must’ve been scared.”

 

     Megumi doesn’t say anything at first.  “I hate this,” Megumi’s voice barely goes above a whisper.  “I hate feeling so scared all the time.”

 

     Gojo thinks his heart shatters right there.  “Oh, Honey, I hate it too,” he tucks a stray hair behind Megumi’s ear.  The kid’s hair is getting long, he’ll have to get it cut soon.  “I hate seeing you struggle so much.  I wish I could just take it all away.”

 

     “I hurt Haibara,” Megumi’s voice breaks.  “I wish he didn’t get in front of it.  It’s my Shikiami, so it should’ve been me.”

 

     Megumi wishes he’d gotten hurt?  Gojo stares at the kid, he’s not sure what to do with that information.  Gojo can’t stand when Megumi is hurt, it’s like he can’t breathe right knowing his kid is suffering.  But hearing Megumi say he wished he was hurt?  It’s more than Gojo can handle.

 

     “No!  Don’t talk like that!”  Gojo can’t help it, he’s crying for the second time today.  “Dammit, Megumi, that thing could’ve killed you,” Gojo talks between sobs, not missing the surprised look Megumi gives him.  “Haibara stopped it because he knew he’d be ok!  I can’t-“ Gojo puts his head in his hands.  He can’t do this, what he wouldn’t give to switch places with Megumi, to take all his pain away and keep him safe.  “I don’t know what I’d do if you got hurt.”

 

     There’s hands on his, pulling them down so that Megumi can look at him.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean it like that.”  Megumi wraps his arms around Gojo’s neck, “I just feel bad that he got hurt, I didn’t mean to make you sad.”


     Gojo holds Megumi like his life depends on it.  His kid’s alright.  And maybe they’re both not ok.  Maybe they’re both hurting from the poor hand life had dealt them.  But they have each other, and they’d get through it together.  “I love you.”

 

     “I love you too.”
Notes:

    I am the CEO of Found Family.

Chapter 42: A Good Friend
Summary:

    Choso isn’t sure what to expect, but he’s so excited. He can’t believe he’s meeting his little brothers today!

Notes:

    What, the chapter was too long again and I had to cut it into two parts? No, never.

    (Gojo’s so me coded, both canon and this version 😎)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text



 

      Gojo wakes up early, as usual.  Megumi, however is still sound asleep.  Gojo can’t blame him, poor kid had an eventful day yesterday.

 

      Gojo sits up, being careful as to not wake Megumi up.  The kid’s still wearing Suguru’s sweatshirt, they’ll have to return that eventually.

 

      He heads towards the kitchen.  Usually, he cooks a big breakfast, with fruit, pancakes, bacon and eggs, but he’s not really feeling all that up to it.  They’ll just have pancakes and strawberries for breakfast. 

 

      He pulls everything out, placing it on the counter next to the ever growing pile of papers.  He really needs to start actually doing his schoolwork.  At first he was really on top of things, but as things got more complicated with Megumi his grades didn’t feel so important anymore.

 

     He could get some done now, while Megumi’s asleep, but he doesn’t feel up to that either.  He’d rather force himself to make breakfast.  So, with that in mind he starts mixing all the ingredients.  He wonders if Yaga will send Suguru over to get Gojo to go to school again.  

 

     He hopes he doesn’t, Gojo couldn’t sit still and pay attention for that long normally, much less when he’s feeling the way he does now.  

 

      He never liked school much, with the Gojo clan he was in a classroom practically all day.  They’d drill all sorts of things into his head, from cursed techniques to proper etiquette.  Honestly, it wasn’t his fault that he couldn’t sit still, or pay attention.  His Six Eyes made it practically impossible to look at anything for very long.  

 

      Sometimes, it would get to be too much, Gojo used to press the heel of his hand into his eyes so hard that he’d make his vision blurry.  His teachers used to hate when he did that.  ‘Your eyes are the pride of the clan, you must display them as such,’ they would always say that when he’d complain or shut his eyes for too long.  If only they could see him now…

 

     They’d have a cow if they ever found out he wore glasses.  He wonders with some sick sort of amusement if they’d still try to punish him like they used to…

 

    That amusement was short lived.  He probably shouldn’t have gone down that train of thought.  Gojo places the bowl on the table, moving to place his hands underneath his arms.

 

       He just needs a minute.  Just a minute to stop thinking about it and calm down, that’s all.

 

     Oh god, how does he calm down?  He can’t seem to formulate a coherent thought to even figure that out.

 

     He’ll just walk around the kitchen, something to keep his mind off that damned ruler.  

 

     Now he almost wishes that Suguru would come through the door now to drag him to school.  If anyone would know what to do it’s his best friend.  Though, if he had to go to school and Yaga picked up that ruler to point at the board like he usually does…

 

      Yeah, Gojo didn’t feel like having a breakdown in front of his teacher.  It’s embarrassing enough that he’d cried in front of his friends.

 

     He’s fine.  He’s the strongest sorcerer after all, he shouldn’t freak out over absolutely nothing!

 

      Still, calming down feels impossible right now.  He’ll just have to power through.

 

 

     Today’s the day.  Today, Yuji meets his new brother.

 

      If he’s being honest he’s looking forward to it, even if he is nervous about meeting someone new.  

 

     Sukuna, however, does not seem pleased at all.  His big brother barely touched any of his breakfast. 

 

     Yuji’s locked himself in the bathroom, he’s been spending the last twenty minutes or so trying to force Sukuna’s name to leave his mouth.  He thought that might make Sukuna feel better, but so far his efforts have been in vain.

 

     He started by making all the letter sounds, Nanami always has him do that as a warm up.  After that, he’s spent the rest of the time starting to get through all the sounds of Sukuna’s name.  all he’s succeeded in is making his throat hurt.

 

     Yuji huffs, crossing his arms.  He frowns, glaring at himself in the mirror.  He was starting to get frustrated.

 

     “Nami!” Yuji says the name slow and drawn out.  It’s the one thing he can say, so when he gets frustrated he likes to say it to remind himself he can talk.

 

      There’s a knock on the door, “Yuji?  Are you almost done?  I have to go potty.”

 

      Yuji hops down from the stool to let Sukuna in.  “Su-“ his voice crackles and dies out pretty quickly.  

 

     Yuji lets out a frustrated sort of yell, causing Sukuna to jump back in surprise at the outburst.  This is so stupid!  What was the point if no matter how hard he tried he couldn’t do it?

 

       Yuji stomps past Sukuna and into their bedroom.  He slams the door closed before flopping down on his bed.

 

     It doesn’t take long for Nanami to come in and sit next to him.  “Sukuna told me you got upset?”

 

       Yuji groans, not bothering to lift his face from his pillow to look at the man.

 

     “What happened?”

 

     Yuji sits up, angrily tapping his pointer and middle fingers to his thumb before bringing his hand up to his chin and down to his palm.  ‘No good!’

 

     Nanami frowns, “what’s not good?”

 

     Yuji holds up his four ingers bringing them up and waving them towards his chin.  He then signs no again before making both hands into a fist and tapping his right one on his wrist.  ‘Talking doesn’t work!’

 

     Nanami frowns, “oh, Bug, that’s what you were doing in there?”  Nanami pauses, placing a hand over one of Yuji’s.  “Sweetie, you don’t have to practice in secret.  Sukuna and I are here to help you.”

 

     He knows that, but they can’t practice with him all the time.  And, if he’s being honest, it’s a little embarrassing.  Sukuna can talk no problem, and very well too!  He shouldn’t have to try so hard to get a simple word out.

 

      He doesn’t admit this to Nanami or Sukuna, he doesn’t want them to feel bad or think it’s their fault for simply knowing how to talk.  Plus, even Yuji knows it’s silly, Sukuna and Nanami have told him time and time again that it’s ok for him to take his time and go at his own pace.

 

     Nanami sighs, giving Yuji’s hand a reassuring squeeze.  “You were in there for awhile.  Your throat must be killing you.”

 

      Yuji will never know how Nanami’s able to tell when something like that is wrong.  It’s like he’s a genius or something.

 

     “Come on, let’s make you some tea.”

 

 

     “I can’t do that.”

 

      “Why not?!  You said so yourself that he needs to get his work done!”  Geto’s getting frustrated, he doesn’t see why this plan of theirs can’t be done.

 

      “Believe me I wish I could, but it’s against policy.  Gojo’s supposed to take remedial classes after school until he’s made up all his work.  I’m pushing it as it is by forgoing that and just having him come to class.”  Geto can see the sadness in Yaga’s eyes, like he really does understand.

 

     “I’d kill you before I let you drag Gojo back into that classroom.”  Geto has to say, he’s a little surprised that Shoko would say something so drastic.  It’s not like her to get defensive about anything. 

 

     “I care about his grades too, but he’s not doing well, Yaga.”  It’s hard for Geto to explain to him what happened yesterday without going into detail.  He still respected Satoru’s privacy after all.  “Please, if you care about him like I think you do, make this exception.”

 

     Yaga sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose.  “I do care.  Probably more than I should.  It’s why I was pushing to get him to be more on top of things.  The end of the quarter is coming up.  If he’s still failing by the time those reports go to the board they’ll send a message to his parents.”

 

     It didn’t occur to Geto the reason behind Yaga’s sudden fixation on Satoru’s grades, but hearing it now he can see the cause for concern. 

 

     “I know enough to know that would be bad, and not just for Gojo.  The clan might see Megumi as the cause of Gojo’s failure and take him away.”

 

      Geto didn’t realize how much was really at stake.  It wasn’t just repeating the grade.  For Satoru, failing probably meant a summon from his clan, some form of punishment and potentially loosing Megumi.  Geto doesn’t think his friend could handle it if he lost Megumi.  “So let us help him.”

 

     Yaga thinks it over for a bit, probably weighting the consequences if he ever got caught breaking policy.  “Very well, but I want a thorough update on how he’s doing tomorrow.”

 

      Geto smiles, he knew that Yaga would agree if he just knew the reason why.  “Thank you.”

 

 

     There’s a knock on the door.  Of course there is, why wouldn’t someone be at the door while he’s in the middle of making pancakes?

 

     “It’s ok, Gojo!  I’ll get it!”  Megumi’s voice carries from Gojo’s room.  Seems like the kid just woke up.

 

     The door opens, and suddenly there’s a lot of chatter.  Two or three voices talk loudly.

 

      “It’s Geto and Ms. Shoko!”

 

     His friends poke their heads into the kitchen shortly after.

 

     Gojo’s pretty surprised to see both of them.  “What are you guys doing here?  Don’t you have school?”

 

     “We explained the situation to Yaga.  He gave us the day off so we could help you finish your work.”  Suguru walks in with an arm full of groceries.

 

     Gojo frowns.  They told Yaga?  It’s bad enough he burdened his friends with his own problems, and cried in front of them.  But they told Yaga too?  Gojo’s face suddenly feels hot, a mix of emotions swirling in his chest.  He’s embarrassed, yes, but also a little worried.  No matter how much he trusted the man, he knew from experience not to be so vulnerable to an adult.  “You guys didn’t have to do that.”

 

     “Don’t be ridiculous.  We’re your friends and we’re here to help you.  Shoko moves to set the school supplies down on the table.  “Now, go sit down, we’ll make breakfast.”  

 

     Gojo doesn’t think sitting down would do him much good.  Keeping himself busy by making breakfast was really the only thing stopping him from spiraling at the moment.  He hops nervously from one foot to the other, “could I just stay in here with you guys?”

 

      He tried to make it seem like there was nothing wrong, he really did.  But, maybe it was the way he’d said it that had Suguru frowning.  He stares at Gojo as if he can see right through the facade.  “Sure.  Come help me put some of the snacks away.”

 

     They bought snacks too?  It was bad enough they’d already troubled themselves by coming to help him.  “You didn’t have to get anything.”

 

     Suguru waves him off before digging through the bags.  “Nonsense, you focus better when you snack anyway.  It was a good investment.”

 

     Gojo can’t really argue with that.  He moves to join Suguru in putting all the sweets in the pantry.  He pulls out a a couple things from the bag.

 

     “Here, I’ll take it.”  Suguru moves to grab the items in Gojo’s hand.

 

     Gojo hates the way he shies away from Suguru before he can stop himself.  He didn’t mean to, and he’d never think that Suguru would ever hurt him.  It’s just all Gojo processed was hands moving to where his wrists were and he’d panicked.

 

     Suguru looks surprised, but he doesn’t comment.  Instead he slowly moves his hand so that his palm is facing upward.

 

      Suguru gives him a reassuring smile, one that Gojo happily returns as he hands the bag of chips to him.

 

     Suguru starts talking.  It’s just mindless babbling, like he’s just doing it to fill the silence.  It’s a bit odd, usually he’s not much of a chatterbox.  Normally it’s Gojo who’s talking a mile a minute, trying to fill the silence that drives him crazy.

 

     Maybe that’s why Suguru’s talking so much?  To fill the silence for Gojo since he doesn’t feel up to it.  

 

      Breakfast is ready in about fifteen minutes.  On top of finishing the pancakes, Shoko made omelettes, a dish Gojo always messed up no matter how hard he tried. 

 

     They all sit at the table.  Megumi’s still wearing Geto’s sweatshirt, the sleeves are bunched up so much that it’s almost comical.

 

     “So after this we’ll get started on history.  Best to get your least favorite subject out of the way.”  Suguru takes a bite of his omelette, “after that we can move on to math and Jujutsu studies.”

 

     Gojo almost forgot that his friends were here to help him get his school done.  He guesses it’s better than being in that classroom.  It’s hard to focus on what Yaga’s saying when he teaches, it’s not that he’s a bad teacher, it’s just that Gojo’s a bad listener.  He thinks to the large stack of papers in the kitchen, the almost two quarters worth of unfinished work.  “We’re never going to finish all that work.  It’s pointless.”

 

     “Don’t say that.  Yaga already said he wouldn’t take points off for it being late.  And you already know most of this stuff anyway, between the three of us it shouldn’t be that hard.”  Suguru gives him a reassuring smile, “the goal is not to get everything done today, the goal is to just get your score back to a passing grade.”

 

    “Besides, I talked with Yaga some before we left.  We’re gonna try and have this be a weekly thing till you catch up with everything.  And after that he’s going to try and figure out some better accommodations for you and Megumi.”  Shoko rests her head on her hand.  “He agreed that the current set up and the set up Nanami has wouldn’t work for the two of you.  We were trying to find a way to have a space for Megumi in the classroom or close by so that you don’t have to worry as much during school hours.”

 

     Yaga was helping him?  Gojo was so used to the adults in the Jujutsu world refusing to help him, he’s the strongest sorcerer, the pride of the Gojo Clan.  Someone like that shouldn’t need help, should take whatever’s thrown at them.  Yaga had every right to be upset with him.  Gojo wasn’t doing his best, he was finally buckling and cracking under all the weight he should’ve been able to carry.  Gojo thinks that if it was any other adult he’d be told to simply deal with it, maybe even be punished depending on the sorcerer.  But Yaga wasn’t like the other sorcerers, despite all the times Gojo’s annoyed him he’s never once harmed him, never grabbed him or smacked that metal ruler in the classroom against his wrists.  Respecting that personal boundary would’ve been enough for Gojo, but now Yaga’s acknowledging that he’s struggling and trying to help him?

 

     “Gojo?”  Megumi’s voice is surprised, and he watches his kid hop down from the seat to run to him. 

 

     Gojo rubs at his eyes, when had he started crying?  He scoops Megumi up, sitting him on his lap.  

 

     He knows he’s being ridiculous, and he can tell by the surprised looks on his friends faces that this wasn’t the reaction they were expecting.  Gojo wasn’t even sure why he was crying, he’d just never experienced this kind of kindness from an adult before.  “‘M sorry, Megs,” Gojo sobs, holding the kid close to him.  “It’s a little hard to explain.”

 

     Megumi hugs him back, “it’s ok, feelings are hard.”

 

     Gojo knows Megumi understands.  Gojo can think of so many times where Megumi’s cried or had a panic attack and couldn’t accurately tell Gojo what was wrong.  Emotions are complicated, and he’s so grateful to Megumi for understanding.

 

 

     Choso isn’t sure what to expect, but he’s so excited.  He can’t believe he’s meeting his little brothers today!

 

      School doesn’t seem as important right now, not when he’s so anxious for it to be over.

 

     “Hey, Miura, what did you back for lunch?  My dad packed me string cheese but I don’t like it.”  Kenji Aoki, Choso’s friend, sits down next to him like he always does.

 

     Choso doesn’t think he could eat even if he wanted to.  Though he has to eat to take his iron pills, his mom wouldn’t be too happy if she found out he hadn’t taken them.

 

     Choso digs through his lunchbox, pulling out some leftover noodles and some chicken. 

 

     “You don’t have any snacks?  Your mom always packs those granola bars!”

 

      Choso frowns, he does have it, but he kinda wanted it today.  “But, it’s mine.”

 

     “Oh come on!  We’re friends right?!  Friends trade food!”  Aoki smiles, “you like cheese, and besides, you always give me your granola bar!”

 

     Choso frowns, “but Aoki, I never get it.”

 

     Aoki huffs, crossing his arms, “fine!  I guess I’ll go sit with Fujioka!  She’ll trade with me!”

 

     Choso stares at his friend, if he leaves then Choso will have to eat lunch alone again.  He doesn’t like when he has to sit by himself.  So, reluctantly, Choso pulls his granola bar out of his bag and hands it to his friend.

 

     “Thanks you’re a good friend!”

 

     “Yeah,” Choso rests his head on his hand, starting at their teacher at the front of the room.  It’s there again… on her shoulder.

 

     Choso isn’t sure what it is, some weird reptile with wings.  The creature sat itself on his teacher’s shoulder, and it always seemed to stare at Choso.  

 

     Choso asked about it once, he thought that maybe it was her pet, but his teacher seemed to be confused and didn’t know what he was talking about.  He hadn’t brought it up since.

 

     He sees them a lot now, ever since he first the reptile on teacher’s shoulders.  Most of them are small, but he doesn’t like the big ones him and his mom pass sometimes.  

 

     His mom asked about it one time, why he’s always staring at things that aren’t there.  When he’d told her about the little creatures he saw his mom went white.  She told him to pretend they didn’t exist and they never talked about it again…

 

     He wondered if his brothers could see them too?
Notes:

    Another chapter done! I’ll try and get the second half out tonight!

Chapter 43: Play Date
Summary:

    Geto lets go immediately, leaving Satoru to fall to the floor with the force of his jerk. Geto’s done this hundreds of time, usually Satoru enjoys the comfort of his hands on top of his own. It’s usually enough to snap him out of whatever slump he’s managed to drag himself into.

     

    TRIGGER WARNINGS
    - referenced child abuse

Notes:

    As promised the next chapter! I think that cutting the chapters in two made this chapter’s pacing feel a little off maybe, but that’s ok bc it’s still our regularly scheduled hurt/comfort nonsense!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text



 

     Choso practically ran home, he wanted to be on time when his brothers got there.

 

      He kicked his shoes off, and got started on his homework faster than he ever had in his whole life.

 

      “You’re not gonna fight me about doing your work today?”  His mom walked into the room, placing a bowl of strawberries next to him.

 

      “I have to finish my work before they get here!  Do you think they’ll like my toys?  I don’t want them to be bored.”  Choso didn’t have many toys, the ones he did have were of his favorite show.

 

     “They’re action figures, honey.  They’ll have fun.”

 

      Not even twenty minutes later there was a knock on the door.  He wanted to run to the door and open it, but he didn’t want to overwhelm his brothers.  Nanami said they’d be nervous and something told Choso that running and swinging the door open might be a bit too much.

 

      “Choso, they’re here!”  Mom’s voice rang through the house.  Choso wasted no time in making his way to the front door.

 

     There, in the hallway, was Nanami, and two of the cutest little boys Choso’s ever laid eyes on.

 

     Choso approaches them, “hi!  My name’s Choso.”

 

      The one standing slightly behind Nanami gives him a small smile.  The other, however, gives Choso an apprehensive look, “I’m Sukuna.  That’s my little brother, Yuji.”

 

     Yuji waves, being so brave as to step away from Nanami.  He slides his hand against his palm before sticking both pointer fingers up and bringing the one further back to the other.  He then points to Choso.

 

     Choso stares at Yuji, he’s not quite sure what that’s supposed to mean.

 

     “He says it’s nice to meet you,” Nanami seems to have read his mind.  “We’ve been learning sign language to make it easier for him while he learns to talk.”

 

     Choso smiles, “that’s great!  I think it’s really cool!  Can you teach me some?”

 

     Yuji’s face seems to light up at that, giving Choso an enthusiastic nod.

 

     “Alright, Choso, why don’t you show the boys your room?”  Choso’s mom talks softly, she seemed much happier about them being here than she was originally.

 

      “Good idea!  Let’s go!”

 

 

      “Satoru, you need to focus.  We did factorials in the summer, this should be review.”  Geto’s getting frustrated but he doesn’t let it show.  He knows that Satoru can’t focus on much of anything for too long.

 

      “I know!  It’s just,” Satoru lets out this frustrated sort of keen, digging his palms into his eyes.

 

     Geto frowns, he must be getting overwhelmed.  Geto stares at the glasses on his friend’s head before plucking them off and looking through them himself.  “Satoru… I can see through these.”

 

     Satoru doesn’t pull has hands away to look at him, “well, yeah.  They are sun glasses, Suguru.”

 

     “Why are you wearing your old ones?”  Geto knows these are the glasses from last school year, they’re not even the good pair from last year, he’d given those to Shoko since she liked them so much.

 

     “Because, it’s important.”

 

     Geto couldn’t believe this, what could possibly be so important?  “More important than your health?!  You’re hurting yourself, Satoru!  God, it’s no wonder you fainted, I’m surprised it hadn’t happened sooner if you’re wearing these all the time!”

 

     Geto feels a little bad when Satoru curls in on himself.  But maybe if he sees how upset Geto is he’ll finally start taking care of himself.

 

     “Megumi’s got to be able to see and read facial expressions, it’s important.”  Satoru brings his hands down, avoiding Geto’s gaze as he picks at his nails again.

 

     Geto sighs, “just- where are your glasses?”  He can’t believe this right now, Megumi is playing in his room so they can focus, and he didn’t have enough common sense to switch his glasses so he could focus?

 

      “On my dresser.”

 

       Geto wastes no time getting up and retrieving the glasses, noting how Satoru’s room is messier than the last time he’d seen it.   

 

     When Geto gets back he finds Satoru still picking at his nails, seemingly not paying attention as Shoko tries to talk him through the math work.

 

     Geto frowns, watching as blood cascades down Satoru’s pointer finger.  Was he even aware that he’d hurt himself?  “Satoru,” Geto moves to put his hands on top of his friend’s.  He was just trying to stop Satoru from hurting himself and getting his attention at the same time.

 

      Instead, Satoru lets out a noise like some sort of cornered animal before using all his strength to pull himself away from Geto.

 

     Geto lets go immediately, leaving Satoru to fall to the floor with the force of his jerk.  Geto’s done this hundreds of time, usually Satoru enjoys the comfort of his hands on top of his own.  It’s usually enough to snap him out of whatever slump he’s managed to drag himself into.

 

      This time is different, as Geto watches Satoru take in quick shallow breaths as he presses his eyes into his knees, fingers digging into the side of his face.

 

      Shoko lets out a yell in surprise, getting up to move to Satoru’s side.

 

      Geto follows suit, hands hovering over the small of Satoru’s back, unsure if he wanted to be touched.

 

      “Gojo?”  There’s a small voice that comes from off to the side.

 

     Shit.   Geto snaps his head over to see Megumi, eyes wide and full of tears as he stares at the three of them.

 

     “Megumi, honey.”  Shoko moves to get up, walking towards the kid.

 

      Megumi looks from Shoko to Geto and Satoru in the middle of the living room.  “What’s wrong with Gojo?”

 

     Shoko scoops the kid up, shielding the kid from the sight.  “It’s ok, sweetie.  Let’s go back to your room.”

 

     Geto silently thanks Shoko for being quick enough to get Megumi out of there.  The kid shouldn’t have to see that.

 

     “Satoru,” Geto speaks softly, softer than he ever thought possible.  “Satoru, I need you to breathe.”

 

      Satoru shakes his head, a sob making its way past his lips.

 

      “Can I touch you?”  Geto hopes, prays to whatever god might exist that Satoru says yes.

 

      Satoru nods, and Geto can’t help the rush of relief that follows.  He wraps his arm around Satoru’s middle, pulling his friend closer.

 

      The reaction is almost immediate.  Satoru melts into his side, uncurling himself and draping his legs over Geto’s.

 

      Satoru buries his face into Geto’s chest, fisting the back of Geto’s shirt tightly in his hands.  “I’m sorry,” apologies spill out of Satoru’s mouth in between choking on sobs.

 

      Geto runs a hand up and down Satoru’s back, “stop it, what are you apologizing for?”  Geto doesn’t get it, it’s not like Satoru wanted to have a panic attack.

 

       God, Geto wants to cry.  How long has Satoru been struggling like this?  Geto remembers when they’d first met, Satoru was this cocky, obnoxious thing, but occasionally something would happen and it would be like a switch flipped.  Satoru would go quiet and spiral in silence.  Sometimes, Satoru would pretend like everything was fine, but Geto would see him pick at his nails subconsciously and Geto would know that Satoru was having a hard day.

 

     He used to do it constantly.  Geto would loose count of how many times he’d stop Satoru’s picking.  Eventually, the habit just sort of stopped, and Satoru gradually seemed to be doing better.

 

      Geto hates himself for not knowing when it started again.  He should’ve noticed before it ever got this bad.  Maybe if he hadn’t spent the last couple months avoiding him just because Geto didn’t like Megumi he would’ve.

 

      Satoru’s crying eventually dies down to sniffles.  The two don’t move though, even after Satoru’s breathing has evened out into something that was almost normal.

 

     “What caused it?”  Geto needs to know, so he can look out for it in the future.  “Did I do something?”

 

     Satoru shakes his head, “no you didn’t.  Just a rough morning.  Had one earlier too.”

 

      Geto frowns at that, “I’m sorry.”

 

     Satoru adjusts himself in Geto’s hold so that he can look at him, a frown on his face.  “Why are you sorry?”

 

     “I haven’t been a very good friend lately.”  Geto lets the confession out.  It’s true, a good friend would’ve tried to get along with Megumi sooner.  A good friend would’ve visited more often.  A good friend would’ve realized how hurt his best friend was.

 

     “What are you talking about?”  Satoru rests his head back on Geto’s chest.  He suddenly looks tired.

 

     “I should’ve been there more.”

 

     “That’s stupid.  I could’ve called, I got wrapped up in my own stuff too.  You’re not a bad friend.”

 

     But his is different.  Satoru was taking care of a hurt, traumatized child.  Geto was just being selfish.  He doesn’t tell Satoru that, though, deciding to keep quiet.

 

     “I’m sorry for freaking out.  It was stupid.”

 

     Geto bristles at that, “it’s not stupid.”  He couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  Satoru’s spent countless hours trying to reinforce the idea that Megumi’s feelings are very real and that it’s ok to hurt.  But if it’s his own feelings they’re suddenly stupid?   What a hypocrite.

 

     “I mean I know you wouldn’t hurt me.  So it was stupid of me to freak out.”

 

      Geto’s blood turns to ice at that.  He figured it was just a combination of Satoru getting overwhelmed and then suddenly having hands on him.  “Someone hurt you?”

 

     He can feel Satoru tense before he nods, moving to roll up his sleeves.  He sticks out both arms, holding them up so the inner part faces the sky.

 

      Geto grabs Satoru’s arms, delicately tracing over the small scars that litter his wrists.  They’re almost completely faded, but that doesn’t change the fact that they’re still there.

 

      Satoru’s showing Geto the most vulnerable parts of him.  It’s an incredible show of trust.  If he didn’t feel so sick at the idea that someone hurt his best friend he’d be touched.  “What happened?”

 

     Satoru shivers, arms twitching as he obviously fights the urge to pull them in.  “I had a lot of private teachers growing up.  It didn’t matter what it was, I had to do it perfectly right away.  I’m not a very good listener, they’d get mad about that too, but because of that it would take me awhile to get it right.  They had this ruler and…” Satoru’s voice gets smaller as he gets to the end before trailing off completely.

 

     Geto feels sick.  Satoru’s behavior in class seemed to make a lot more sense now.  He remembers finding it odd when Satoru nearly fell out of his seat the first time Yaga lifted up his ruler.  He’d have to talk to Yaga about getting rid of the item completely.

 

     “Everything good in here?”  Shoko appears, Megumi in tow.  “I explained what happened, he wanted to make sure you were alright.”

 

     Satoru winces, “sorry, Megs.  Did I scare you?”

 

     Megumi runs over to the two of them, burrowing himself in Satoru’s lap and adding onto the weight on Geto’s legs.  “It’s ok.  I’m glad you’re ok.”

 

     Satoru hugs Megumi tight.  Shoko soon joins them, sitting down next to Geto and resting her head on his shoulder.

 

     Geto sits there, hand on the small of Satoru’s back as his legs start to tingle.  He thinks, he could stay like this forever.

 

 

     “This is Zuko,” Choso holds up the angry action figure.  “He’s the one trying to catch the avatar to restore his honor because his dad banished him.”

 

      “Why would his dad do that?”

 

        “His dad is the Fire Lord and he’s mean, but Zuko’s Uncle Iroh is nice to Zuko!”  Choso holds up another action figure, a bigger man with a nice smile.  “They have a big ship that they use to follow the Avatar around!”

 

      “Like… pirates,” Sukuna’s voice almost sounds excited at the thought.

 

      “I guess but they’re not really pirates.”

 

       “Can they be pirates?”

 

      Choso thinks this over, they’re just playing so it doesn’t have to be just like the show.  “Sure!”  He hands Sukuna the two action figures.

 

     “Yuji, this one’s Aang!  He’s the Avatar!  He can control all the elements!”  Choso hands Yuji another action figure.  “He has some friends, Katara and Sokka are from the southern water tribe and Katara is a Water Bender.  And Toph is from the Earth Kingdom!  She’s really cool, she’s blind and uses Earth Bending to see!”  Toph was his favorite, she was brave and loud and strong, everything that he wasn’t.

 

      Yuji takes Aang and Katara from him, leaving him to play as Toph and Sokka.  He’s glad he got to play as Toph, he would’ve been happy with whichever ones were left but she’s his favorite character.

 

     It was a little weird playing with Yuji.  He could really only make sounds, giving them vague ideas of what emotion he was trying to convey.  Sukuna seemed to understand, though and spoke for Yuji afterwards.

 

     There was a knock on the door before Nanami poked his head in.

 

     “Nami!”  It’s the first word Choso’s heard Yuji say.  His voice is so warm and full of happiness that it makes Choso want to cry.

 

     “Hi, Bug.  I came to check on you three.  Everything ok?”

 

     Choso nods, “yes, Mr. Nanami.”

 

     “Just Nanami is fine, Choso.”  Nanami gives Choso a smile, “Yuji, Sukuna you boys doing ok?”

 

     “Yup!”  Sukuna turns back to Choso, “ok, so I’m going to come and steal all of your guys’ gold and the Avatar!  Aaarg!”

 

     Choso smiles, it’s a bit odd picturing Zuko with a pirate voice but as long as Sukuna is having fun then he’s happy.

 

 

     Sukuna thinks Choso is a bit odd, but he’s nice.  Sukuna’s a little annoyed that he likes him, he was dead set on hating his guts.  But then Choso was so understanding of Yuji’s situation and suddenly Sukuna couldn’t even pretend to hate him.

 

     Choso does seem to be a little awkward, like he isn’t really sure how to play with other kids.  Sukuna thinks that isn’t so bad, just odd.

 

     “You’re in school, right?”  Sukuna digs through the bucket of Legos.  Yuji had spotted them in the corner while they were playing with Choso’s action figures.  Naturally, Yuji wanted to play with those right away, so they switched games.

 

     “Yeah, I’m in first grade!”

 

     “That’s cool.  You like it?”

 

     Choso shrugs, his nose scrunching up like he’d smelled something bad.  “It’s alright.”

 

     “Do you have any friends?”

 

     Choso makes a face again, Sukuna didn’t really like the reaction he got.  “One, his name is Aoki.  Mom says he’s bossy but he talks to me so, I like him.”

 

     Sukuna thinks that’s a weird reason to like someone.  He likes Megumi because he’s nice and they get along well, not just because he talks to him.

 

     “What about you guys?  Do you have any friends?”

 

     Sukuna thinks to the few friends they had before they went to live with Nanami.  They haven’t talked to Junpei in a long while so he probably should count him.  “There’s not a lot of kids where we live, but there’s Megumi.”

 

     “What’s she like?”

 

     Sukuna frowns, “he.  Megumi’s a boy.”

 

     Choso’s brown furrows at that, “really?  There’s a girl in my class named Megumi, it’s usually a girl name, sorry.”

 

     Sukuna didn’t know it was a girl’s name.  How come his parents named him that if it was?

 

     “You guys must be good friends, is he nice?”

 

      Sukuna nods, “he’s nice.  He’s like me and Yuji, though his Nanami is much sillier than ours.”  Though he’s loud and energetic, Sukuna’s come to like Gojo almost as much as he does Megumi.  “We do a lot of stuff together, and sometimes we have to stay with Megumi and Gojo because Nanmi has work.”

 

     “What do you guys do?”

 

      “We play, sometimes Megumi takes out his dogs.”

 

      “He has dogs?!  What kind of dogs?  I’ve always wanted a dog.”

 

     Sukuna’s not really sure what kind of dogs they are.  They’re not really dogs at all, they’re part of Megumi’s powers.  Megumi tried to explain it to him once, but he didn’t quite understand.  “Big ones.  A black one and a white one.  Megumi loves animals.”

 

     “He sounds nice.”  Choso smiles.

 

     “Maybe you can meet him one day.  He’d like you.”   He doesn’t have anything to base this off of, other than the fact that Megumi’s nice and would probably like anyone.

 

     “That would be nice,” they fall into a comfortable sort of silence after that.

 

      That’s another thing Sukuna’s noticed, Choso’s quiet.  He doesn’t mind it, it reminds him of Megumi, who’s a little more reserved than he or Yuji.

 

     He doesn’t think he minds being a younger brother.  He didn’t like the idea of it at first, but Choso’s nice.  Maybe this change isn’t so bad.
Notes:

    It finally happened! Choso met his brothers! This wraps up this little like arc, but don’t worry, Choso will be making frequent appearances!

     

    Also thank you everyone for leaving Kudos and commenting, I love reading everyone’s comments.

Chapter 44: Bullies
Summary:

    Today seems like it’s going to be a rough one. Maybe it’s the break coming up, or the talk of the snowstorm tonight, but the kids in Choso’s class are wilder than normal.

Notes:

    Gojo and Geto are being hella fruity in this chapter (even more so next chapter tbh). I was gonna leave that open ended (bc we’re focusing on the family relationships and I want everyone to enjoy regardless of my ships) but then I started reading “Achilles, Come Down” by HotCocoaaa and yeah… enjoy.

     

    Also, surprise surprise I had to cut the chapter in half

     

    Also I’m completely just bullshitting lore in this chapter, so… no one correct me, just smile and nod

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 


     Suguru and Shoko have been around the house more often.  Gojo doesn’t mind, he enjoyed having his friends with him, but he had a feeling they were here so often because he’d had a breakdown a few days ago.  He didn’t want them over just because they thought he couldn’t take care of himself.

     “Satoru, focus,” Shoko snaps in his face.  Sometime over the last couple days she’d finally started using their first names.  “Jujutsu Society during the Edo Period.”

     Gojo huffs, Shoko usually stops by for a few hours to bully him about his schoolwork.  Honestly, couldn’t they do something fun first?  Why did they always start with schoolwork?

     “Give him a minute, Shoko.  He’s allowed to think.”  Suguru, on the other hand is over constantly.  Gojo’s not even sure he’s been to his own dorm room in the last three days.

     “Isn’t he supposed to be some prodigy genius?  How much thinking does he need?  We’re on a tight schedule.”  Shoko scribbles something down on her own work.  Gojo knows she started taking her medical classes recently.  She’s probably rushing him because she has her own work to do.

     “Isn’t that when Japan’s leaders were clan members?”  The three of them freeze and turn to the small kid coloring at the table next to him.  “The ruler was from the Zenin clan, and he appointed a member of the Gojo and Kamo clans to help him.  Right?”

      “How the hell did you know that?”  Gojo couldn’t believe it, this kid was four and he know about something that happened four hundred years ago?

      Megumi shrugs, “dad used to teach me stuff like that.  Said it was important or whatever.”

     Gojo frowns, realistically, he’d probably started learning about Jujutsu history at Megumi’s age too.  Still, he thought that someone who’d left the clan wouldn’t teach their kid about those same clans.  Gojo was planning on starting to teach Megumi that stuff when he started Kindergarten.  He didn’t realize that Megumi had already been learning this stuff.

     Gojo feels Suguru’s hand trace over his knuckles in a comforting pattern.  Suguru’s been much more affectionate lately, it seemed like he was determined to keep Gojo close to him. 

     “Well, looks like you’ve got competition, Satoru!  There’s a new genius in town!”  Shoko ruffles Megumi’s hair, earning a giggle from the kid.

      Gojo knows Shoko meant well, but he wishes she wouldn’t joke like that.  The thought of Megumi being pushed and prodded like he was makes him feel sick.

      Suguru leans in towards Gojo.  “Relax,” Suguru whispers in his ear, swiping his thumb over the back of Gojo’s hand again.

      Gojo loosens his grip on Suguru’s hand.  He didn’t realize he’d been gripping it so tight.  He wills himself to relax, honestly there was no reason to be so tense.

     “We can take a break if you want.”  Suguru speaks softly, not even acknowledging Shoko’s conversation with Megumi.  “It’s ok if you’re starting to feel overwhelmed, we don’t have to keep working.”

      That’s right, he doesn’t have to push himself like he’s been taught his whole life.  Suguru’s been reminding him of that lately.

      Still, though, he’s hesitant to say yes.  They’ve only been working for a couple hours, if he was in school he’d be expected to go for longer.  Why shouldn’t that apply now?  “No, I’m ok,” even to his own ears he doesn’t sound very convincing.

     Suguru stares at him, sighing, “just a quick break then.  How ‘bout some coffee?”

      Gojo scrunches his nose, he didn’t feel like having coffee.  Then again, he didn’t really feel like having anything. 

      Suguru smiles, seemingly amused at the reaction.  “Tea then.”  He stands up, giving Gojo’s hand a squeeze before letting go.  “Shoko, you want something to drink?”

     “Coffee,” Shoko sighs, leaning in her chair.  “The biggest mug you can find.”

     “Sure, how about you, Demon?”

     Megumi seemed surprised at the question, he turns to look at Gojo, a silent request for permission.

     Gojo nods, it seems like Megumi still isn’t used to Suguru having free roam of the house.

     “Uh hot chocolate, if that’s ok?”

      “Perfect, I’ll be right back.” Suguru heads towards the kitchen, ruffling Megumi’s hair as he walks past.

 

 

     Today seems like it’s going to be a rough one.  Maybe it’s the break coming up, or the talk of the snowstorm tonight, but the kids in Choso’s class are wilder than normal.

      Choso sits near the back of the class, he really wishes he didn’t.  Suzuki sits behind him, and no matter what she did the teacher never seemed to notice.

     Today, Suzuki’s taken a liking to Choso’s hair.  More specifically she’s taken a liking to pulling on it.  

     He can maybe understand the first time she’d tugged on it.  There were times when he thought about pulling on the ponytail of the girl that sat in front of him.  Her hair would sway whenever she talked and it did seem tempting to give it a tug.  He thought, maybe his hair was the same way, they sit up on his head in two buns, it probably had the same effect as the ponytail.

      After the fourth time of her yanking though, Choso just wanted to run to the bathroom and hide for the rest of the day.  It was obviously not a quick impulse, it was deliberate, and it was starting to hurt.

     He could say something, but that might make it worse.  If she messed with him when he hadn’t upset her, imagine what would happen if he did.

     Choso looks across the room to where Aoki sits.  He wishes he could sit next to him instead.  Aoki never did anything when the other kids were mean to him, but at least when Choso was with him the other kids seemed to stop.

     “What about you, Miura?”

     Choso snaps his head back to his teacher at the sound of his name.  She was looking at him, expectantly.  “I’m sorry, what was the question?”

     There were some giggles throughout the classroom.  Choso’s face burned with embarrassment.  He didn’t see what was so funny, he just didn’t hear her.

     “What is seven times three?”

     Oh good, something he knew the answer to.  He opened his mouth to speak when Suzuki decided to kick the back of his chair.  

     Choso couldn’t help it, he turned around, staring at the girl right in the face.  “Will you cut it out?!”

     If there was one thing that Choso learned in this moment, it was that Suzuki was a good actress.  Her eyes got wide and filled with tears, and her lip wobbled before she talked in a quiet voice, “it was an accident.  You don’t have to be so mean!”

     “No it wasn’t!”  Choso knew he probably should’ve just apologized and moved on, but he was frustrated.  “You kicked my chair on purpose!”

     “Miura that’s enough!”  Choso whips back around to see his teacher’s disappointed scowl.  “It is obvious that Suzuki already feels bad enough.  There is no need to yell at her.  Now, apologize.”

     Choso couldn’t believe what he was hearing, “me?  But-“

     “Apologize.”

     There’s whispers throughout the classroom now.  Choso’s eyes burn as he turns back to Suzuki.  “Sorry.”

     “Now that that’s settled, let’s go back to the lesson.”

     The class seems to settle back into its regular lull after that.  Choso should pay attention, instead he buries his head into his arms.  He hates this, he just wants to go home. 

 

 

     Yuji wants to see their big brother again.  He was nice, and fun to play with.  Yuji misses him.

      Sukuna seems to miss him too, which surprises Yuji.  He thought Sukuna would want nothing to do with Choso, but they seemed to get along really well.

      “Do you think Choso likes surprises?  What if we show up and he hates it?”  Sukuna speaks in between bites.

      “I’m sure he’ll be happy to see us.  I already talked about it with his mom and she seemed very excited about the idea.”  Nanami’s spent the last twenty minutes cleaning the house, as well as making room in Yuji’s drawer to fit Choso’s new clothes.  Nanami said it would be easier when Choso visits to just have clothes already here for him.

     Yuji’s excited.  They get to spend the whole weekend together!

      “When are we going to pick him up?”

      “Well when we’re done with lunch we’ll get dressed and head over to his school.”

      Yuji’s excited to have Choso over.  He can’t wait.  But, he is a little nervous about how it’ll go.  Playing together for a few hours is one thing, but a lot can go wrong over the span of three days.

      Hopefully everything goes smoothly.

 

 

     This is not how Choso wanted today to go at all.  It’s been one disaster after the next.

     Choso thought that lunchtime might’ve been better, at least then he could sit next to Aoki.  But then, Aoki asked him to trade his granola bar again and that’s all it took for him to burst into tears.

     Safe to say, Aoki didn’t want to sit with him after that.

     So Choso ate lunch alone in his assigned seat.  Unfortunately for him, Suzuki and her friend decided to sit behind him.  After one particularly hard tug on his hair that ripped out his hair tie he decided that he wasn’t very hungry and got up to put his lunch away.  At least while he was up she couldn’t pull his hair.

     School went on after that.  During play time Suzuki decided to throw her toy car as hard as she could at his face.  She claimed it was an accident, but Choso wasn’t so sure.

      The day goes on with more teasing and poking and prodding.  By the time the school day’s over Choso just wants to take a nap.

      He grabs his stuff, bending down to grab his shoes from his cubby.

      There’s a hand in his hair again, and with another harsh tug his hair tie is pulled out for the second time today.

      Choso stands up, half of his hair now in his face.  He turns to face Suzuki, she’s taller than him, and she looks particularly smug as she dangles his hair tie in the air.

     Choso stomps his foot, his eyes welling up with tears.  He doesn’t understand how someone can be so mean.  “You’re a terrible, ugly person,” Choso screams in her face before swiping his bag.  “You’re the worst!  I hate you!”

      Choso sees his teacher walking towards the two, but he doesn’t give her the chance to intervene before he’s storming out of the classroom.  His mom will probably get a call from his teacher, but he can’t bring himself to care.  Choso swipes at his eyes with his free hand.  He’ll have to put his shoes once he’s sure no teacher can stop him.  He doesn’t feel like being talked down to when he didn’t do anything wrong.

     Choso pushes the front door open.  He’ll just walk down the corner, put his shoes on and run home.

     “Choso!”

      Choso freezes at the sound of his name, his eyes landing on three familiar figures.  He stares at the group in front of him, frozen in place.  He didn’t want his brothers to see him like this, with half of his hair in front of his face and his cheek all busted up just because some girl was mean to him.  

     But Nanami looks at him with such concern, like he can see just how distraught Choso really feels.  He feels the tears well up again and he finds himself crying on the school steps.

     It’s cold, the breeze blows through Choso.  He forgot his jacket in the classroom, but it’s too late to go back now.

     There’s a hand brushing the hair out of Choso’s face.  He startles, jumping back before realizing it was Nanami that was in front of him.

     Nanami tucks Choso’s hair behind his ear before tilting his head to look at his cheek, his thumb brushing over the bruised cut.  “What happened?”

    Choso tells him everything.  About the hair pulling, about the teacher getting upset with him for getting upset with Suzuki. He talks about the toy car and how she threw it at him when he was right in front of her.  He tells Nanami about how she’s always mean but she always manages to get away with it.

     Nanami doesn’t look to happy by the end of it.  “Where’s your teacher?”

     It wasn’t the reaction he was expecting.  Usually, his mom told him if he ignored the people that were mean to him then they’d eventually stop.  Though, he’s never really told her just how mean they were before, maybe if he did she’d think otherwise.

      “She’s inside.”  Choso wasn’t sure what Nanami was planning on doing, but it couldn’t be good whatever it was.

      “Show me.”

      Choso walks behind Nanami as he gives out directions to his classroom.  Sukuna holds Choso’s hand as they walk, glaring at every kid they walk past. 

     “Mr.  Miura!”  Choso jumps when he hears his teacher’s appalled voice.  “What on earth was that about?”

     Choso ducks behind Nanami.  He didn’t do anything wrong, he doesn’t know why no one believes him.

     “You’re Choso’s teacher?”  Nanami’s voice is surprisingly calm considering how upset he was a moment before.

     “And who are you exactly?” 

      “I’m a relative.”  It was a lie, but easier to explain than the actual truth so Choso doesn’t say anything.  “And I’m interested to know why Choso was harassed in class all day and nothing was done about it!”

     His teacher’s face falls at that, looking at Choso’s messed up hair and bruised cheek.  “He’s been fighting with another classmate all day.  I honestly don’t know what’s gotten into him, normally he’s very well behaved.”

     “And you didn’t think once to talk to him and find out what was wrong?  Did you just take this girl’s word as fact?  Did you ask for Choso’s side of the story at all?”

      “I…” her eyes go back and forth between Nanami and Choso, clearly at a loss for what to do.

     “Obviously not.  Look at his face.”  Nanami steps to the side, not enough to bring Choso completely into view, but enough so that his face poked out from behind him.  “I ought to report you.  Or perhaps sue you for neglect?  I’m friends with some rather powerful people who would be more than happy to end your entire career!”

     The teacher pales at that, “it was a mistake.  It won’t happen again.”

     “It better not.  And I don’t want him sitting next to that girl anymore.” 

     “Of course!  I’ll take care of it.”

      Nanami gives the woman one more glare before turning away.  “Let’s go, boys.”

      Choso should probably say something about his jacket now, but Nanami still seemed to be upset.  Choso wasn’t sure if he wanted to say something while he was still mad.

     “Miura!”  Choso turns to see Aoki, a puffy jacket in his arms as he turns to run down the hall.  “Your jacket!”

     Choso smiles, mom may say he’s bossy, but he is considerate sometimes.  “Thanks.”

     Aoki hands him his coat, a frown on his face as he sees the state of Choso’s hair.  “What happened to your hair?”

     Before Choso can answer Aoki’s digging through his bag.  “Hang on, this used to be my sister’s, there has to be a hair tie buried in here somewhere.”

     “Is this your friend?”  Sukuna’s voice is in Choso’s ear, he’d almost forgotten that he was next to him.

      “Yeah.”  Choso watches Aoki struggle to find a hair tie for a few more seconds. “It’s ok, you don’t have to keep looking.”

     Aoki sighs zipping his bag before putting it back on.  “Sorry, I thought I’d seen one in here before.”

     “You gave me that one last time.”  Choso doesn’t miss the way Nanami tenses next to him, did it really upset Nanami so much?

     Aoki finally seems to notice the twins.  “Who’re they?”
Notes:

    Alternatively this chapter can be called: “Nanami rips Choso’s teacher a new one”

     

    I wasn’t particularly happy with this chapter at the start, I dunno wasn’t happy with the writing and I was kinda getting frustrated. Then I remembered this is for fun and I don’t care and we were chilling again. I’ll try and post the second part tonight

Chapter 45: Unexpected Visitor
Summary:

    Megumi looks at the woman, he’s never seen her before. But her hair looks like Gojo’s. “Who’re you?”

Notes:

    This is all Megumi and Gojo. It’s just how the chapter happened to get split. (Promise that the twins and Choso will be in the next chapter!)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 



     Megumi knows something has been upsetting Gojo lately.  It’s probably why Geto’s been around so much.  He doesn’t mind though, now that Geto and him get along he enjoys the older man’s company.  

      He is worried about Gojo.  He won’t tell Megumi what’s wrong, but Shoko had given him a brief explanation the other day…

     Megumi clung to Shoko.  Gojo looked so upset that it made him want to cry too.

      Shoko held Megumi tight, running a hand through his hair.  “He’ll be ok, Megumi.  Gojo’s tough, like you.”

      “But what’s wrong?”  He’s never seen his dad that upset before.  There were times when he’d freak out, when Megumi would do something small and he’d scare him.  But that?  Megumi’s never seen him react like that.

     “Well, you and Gojo have a lot in common.  His family wasn’t very nice either.” 

     “Gojo’s parents were mean too?”  The thought of Gojo feeling the way Megumi does made his chest hurt. 

     “Yes.  He’s just having a hard day, Honey.  He’ll be alright…”

      Gojo’s spent so much time making sure Megumi’s alright, but he wasn’t doing the same for himself.  Megumi would have to do it for him. 

     He wasn’t sure how to do that, but Geto seemed to.  Megumi decided to just follow his lead.  Geto just stays by Gojo’s side, he holds his hand or he does some odd job that needs to be done.  Megumi can definitely do that too.

     So, when there’s a knock on the door, Megumi’s the first to jump up.  “I’ll get it.”

    Megumi swings the door open, revealing a woman in a long robe.  She looks down at him, a frown on her face.  “I’m sorry, I must have the wrong house.  I’m looking for Satoru Gojo.”

     Megumi looks at the woman, he’s never seen her before.  But her hair looks like Gojo’s.  “Who’re you?”

     “I’m a representative of the Gojo clan.”

     Megumi isn’t sure if this lady is nice or not.  If she’s part of Gojo’s family he’s guessing she isn’t.

     “Do you know where I might find Satoru Gojo?  It’s very important.”

      “Uhm no,” even he can tell he’s lying.  He isn’t really sure what to do about this lady.  “I can go get my dad, he’ll know.”

     “That would be great.”

     “Ok, wait here.”  Megumi closes the door before running back into the living room.  His eyes settling on Geto.  He would know what to do.

     He runs over, grabbing Geto’s hand.  “Perfect!  Come on!”

     “What is it?”  Geto follows, albeit a little hesitant.

      “There’s a lady here, make her go away!”

       Geto frowns, “why?  Who is she?”

       Megumi lets out a whine, he doesn’t have time to explain, she’s waiting.  “Please!” 

      “Alright, ok.  I’ll make her leave.”  Geto lets out an annoyed huff before opening the door.

     “Hello.”

     Megumi sees Geto go rigid, “hello.”

     “I must say… you look terribly familiar.  Do I know you?”

      “Never seen you before.  What do you want?”  Geto puts a hand on the door frame.  He leans so that Megumi is positioned behind him.

     “I’m looking for Satoru Gojo.  I was hoping you’d know where I could find him?”

     Geto doesn’t react, at least not physically, but Megumi can feel it.  Geto’s cursed energy flares up.  It’s jarring in comparison to the quiet hum he’s been keeping it at.  It’s overwhelming, and practically suffocating.  He wants Geto to notice, to force his cursed energy to calm down, but if he gets Geto’s attention then the lady might not go away.

     “He’s on a mission.”  Geto’s voice is taught, he sounds mad.

     “A mission?  Odd I don’t remember one being documented.”

     “It was highly classified.”

      The woman hums, nodding as if that lame excuse answered everything.  “Very well, when he returns would you please give him this?  He’ll know what it’s about.”

     Geto takes the envelope from her before slamming the door closed.  He locks the door before sighing.  “Well, it’s a good thing Satoru didn’t…” Geto trails off as he turns back towards Megumi.  “Megumi?  Hey, Demon what’s wrong?”

     Geto moves to kneel down, but that just means his energy is even closer than before.  Megumi sobs, taking a step back before wrapping his arms around himself.  It’s too much, Geto’s cursed energy is different from other people’s.  It’s amplified, made more intense by combining with the curses he consumes.  It used to stress Megumi out before Geto made an effort to suppress it.  Right now, though it was nauseatingly strong.

     “Megumi, kid, tell me what’s wrong.”  Geto hovers over Megumi, trying to figure out what the cause was.

      Megumi shakes his head.  He doesn’t think he could get the words out even if he tried, he could barely breathe.

     “Megs…” Geto shuffles closer, arms up in surrender.

     Megumi shakes his head again, Geto can’t come closer, that would only make things worse.

     Geto stops, taking a step back.  “Alright, I’m farther now.  Tell me what to do.”

     Megumi should try, Geto looks so distraught, he feels bad for not being able to articulate what was wrong.  “Cursed energy.”

      Geto stares at him for a moment, his expression morphing into confusion.  For a second, Megumi’s worried that he wasn’t going to figure it out, but then something like realization flashed in his eyes.  Suddenly, Geto’s cursed energy wasn’t so strong anymore.

      Megumi’s so relived he sinks to the floor, letting out sobs that wrack his entire body.  He should calm down, now that the problem is gone there’s really no need to cry.  But now that the intense feeling is gone, Megumi can finally breathe.

     Geto’s at his side now, scooping him up and holding him close.  “I’m sorry, kiddo.  I got upset and I didn’t realize.”

     Megumi knows Geto didn’t mean to.  He’s sure it takes a lot of focus to constantly keep his energy in check.  He clings to Geto, hiding his face in his shirt.  

     “What happened?”  Gojo’s voice fills Megumi’s ears.  He doesn’t miss the alarmed sort of concern in his words.

      Geto begins to explain, rubbing his hand in circles against Megumi’s back.

      Gojo doesn’t say anything for a moment.  “What did she want?” 

      Megumi frowns, Gojo sounds so unlike himself that it makes Megumi’s chest hurt.  He pokes his head out from its hiding place to look at Gojo, the color completely drained from his face.

     “It doesn’t matter.  She’s gone.”  Geto’s voice is soft, as it usually is when he talks to Gojo.

      Megumi isn’t sure why Geto doesn’t say anything about the envelope, but he doesn’t correct him.  Whatever is in it can’t be good.  It’s probably for the best Gojo doesn’t read it.

 

 

      Geto feels terrible.  He should’ve noticed that he’d stopped suppressing his cursed energy, in fact he shouldn’t have stopped suppressing it at all.  He’d just seen that woman and gotten so upset at her for simply standing there.

     Geto looks over to Megumi.  The kid’s passed out on the couch, his body hidden by the massive sweatshirt he’s wearing.  

     Geto sighs, he’s never getting that back is he?  He’d let the kid borrow it after the incident with Haibara.  For whatever reason, Megumi’s taken a liking to it.

     After calming down, the kid went to his room and came back dressed in the sweatshirt and holding his white teddy bear close to his chest.  Geto’s noticed that Megumi tends to get his bear after having a panic attack.  

      He’s also noticed the kid gets absolutely exhausted after having one, more often than not he seems to fall asleep.

     Satoru sits on the floor next to him.  They’re watching some show that Geto’s not particularly paying attention to.  He’s more preoccupied by the people he’s with. 

      Satoru’s been awfully quiet.  He’s not himself at all.  He’s pressed against Geto’s side, a pale husk of himself as he picks at his nails.

    Geto moves to grab his friend’s hands again, holding them tight as he brushes his thumbs against Satoru’s knuckles.  “Tell me what you’re thinking.”

     Satoru doesn’t say anything.  It’s a bit worrying, but Geto waits patiently.  He’s sure there’s a thousand things going through his mind right now.

     “What did she want?”  Satoru’s voice is quiet and so small.  For a moment, Geto doesn’t see his friend, he sees a kid, who’s been hurt by the people around him.  A kid who’s just so scared.

      Geto realizes, that that’s all Satoru really is.  Underneath the ego and all that power, is just a scared kid.  “It doesn’t matter.”

     There’s a minute of silence, then, “it does, though.”

     “Why?”  Geto didn’t really understand why it was so important.

     “What if they found out about Megumi?  Or what if they found out about my grades?”  Satoru looks up at Geto.

     Geto stares back, seeing all the hurt and fear through the ring of his glasses.  It makes Geto want to hide Satoru from the world, to keep him locked away so he never has to deal with their world again.  “The semester isn’t over yet.  I’m sure Yaga would’ve warned us if they’d found out.  Besides, you’re not technically failing anymore.”

     That news doesn’t seem to ease Satoru’s worries in the slightest.  “Then what could it be?”  His shoulders make their way up to his ears, “I can’t think of anything else I did wrong.”

     Geto doesn’t like how Satoru immediately assumes he’s done something wrong.  “Maybe that’s because you haven’t done anything wrong, ‘Toru.”  He squeezes Satoru’s hand reassuringly.

      Satoru frowns, seemingly confused by the thought that he wasn’t in trouble.  “Then what?”

      Geto thinks back to the things Satoru’s brought up, realizing the first thing he’d mentioned seemed a little odd.  “You said something about Megumi?  Does the clan not know?”

     Satoru shakes his head, a humorless laugh leaving his mouth.  “Could you imagine?  Satoru Gojo, the strongest sorcerer, heir of the Gojo Clan, taking in a kid from the Zenin Clan?  A Ten Shadows user no less?  God, I could only imagine the backlash.”

     Geto never thought about it before.  The clans have a long history, a rivalry that’s lasted for almost all of mankind.  In every clan, the one who possesses their inherited technique becomes the head of the clan.  What would the Gojo clan do if they found out that the heir of their clan was fathering the heir of the Zenin Clan?  “But the Zenin clan knows, don’t they?  Surely they would’ve said something by now?”

     Satoru shrugs, “not sure.  It’s valuable information.  It would be foolish of them to just give it to the Gojo clan for free.  Seems like it would be more valuable as blackmail.”

     Geto can’t even believe what he’s hearing, he hopes the Zenin never get to use their blackmail.  “How come the Zenin weren’t upset when you took him in?”

     “They didn’t know he was a curse user at the time.  Think about it, Fushiguro’s got no cursed energy, and his wife's not even from the clan.  The kid’s a damn miracle if you look at it that way.”

     Geto suddenly realizes the Zenin clan must be furious.  They lost their prodigy, their heir to Satoru.  Satoru had threatened war, to wipe the clan off the map if they tried to take Megumi from him.  And there’s no doubt that Satoru would win that battle.  “Won’t he have to go back one day?”

     “Maybe, but I’m going to do everything I can to stop it.”  Satoru pauses, closing his eyes.  “I’m going to unite the clans.  It’s a pointless feud anyway.  It’ll make keeping Megumi with me easier.”  He yawns, pressing himself further into Geto’s side.

     “Unite them?  Satoru that hasn’t been done in four hundred years!”  The peace between the clans has always been temporary, something that’s always ended in bloodshed by the time it was said and done.

     “Doesn’t matter.  If it means a better life for Megs I’ll do it.”  Satoru’s voice trails off at the end.  He sure fell asleep quickly.

     Geto stares at Satoru, he can’t believe it.  His idiot best friend is planning on doing the impossible.  But, Satoru himself is impossible.  Maybe he can do the impossible too.
Notes:

    Megumi and Gojo being empathetic towards one another and sharing the same concerns for each other is everything to me.

Chapter 46: Snow
Summary:

    Gojo turns to look at Megumi, expecting him to have put a card down. Instead, his head is turned towards the window. There’s this shine in Megumi’s eyes that Gojo doesn’t see often. “It’s snowing,” his voice is quiet, and full of amazement.

Notes:

    This is my Valentine’s Day gift to everyone! Enjoy!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 


     Choso’s never had a sleep over before.  He’s pretty excited about it if he’s being honest.

 

      After they got to Nanami’s house Nanami fixed Choso’s hair and the three went right to playing.  Right now, they’re coloring.

 

    One thing Choso’s learned while being here is that Yuji gets really focused on coloring.  His nose scrunches up and he sticks his tongue out.  Choso thinks it’s adorable.

 

     Nanami comes in, he places a large bowl of chips on the table.  “How’s it coming along?”  Nanami leans over, getting a look at all their drawings.

 

     “Good!”  Choso leans over, grabbing a handful of chips.  They’re barbecue flavored, which he likes.

 

     Choso watches Nanami ruffle Yuji’s hair after he shows him the picture.  “He’ll love it,” he moves to place a kiss to the top of Yuji’s head.

 

     “I’m gonna get started on dinner.  Let me know if you boys need anything.”  Nanami walks past, ruffling Choso’s hair as he passes.

 

     The action was small, but it made Choso’s chest feel warm.  How can Nanami be so nice?

 

     “Are the kids at school always mean to you?”  Choso turns to find Sukuna with a troubled expression on his face.

 

     “No, it sort of depends on the day.”  There are plenty of days where the other kids act as if Choso doesn’t exist.  He likes those days the best.

 

     “Next time they’re mean, you should hit them.”

 

     “No!  You shouldn’t hit people!”  Choso doesn’t think that’s a good way to go about things.

 

     “Why not?”

 

     “Because then you’d be in trouble!”

 

     “But then they wouldn’t be mean to you anymore.”

 

     Choso has to admit, he’s not wrong.  He could’ve slugged Suzuki and she’d never think about messing with him again.  But, that still wouldn’t make it right.  “It’s still not nice.”

 

     “I can do it then.”

 

      “No that’s ok, you’re my little brother.  You shouldn’t be fighting my battles for me.”  Choso suddenly feels a little ashamed, even his little brother knew how to stand up for himself.

 

      “It’s ok, if they’re being mean again you can just tell Nanami.  He’ll always help.”

 

 

     “Uno!”  Gojo laughs, after placing the plus four wild card down on the pile.  “And the color is now red!”

 

      “Again?!  There’s no way!   You’re cheating!”  Suguru points a finger at him accusingly before moving to grab his new cards.

 

     Gojo gasps dramatically.  “I’m hurt that you’d even suggest that, Suguru!  I play fair and square!”

 

      “That’s not true,” Megumi’s nose is scrunched in concentration, staring at his four cards.  “You cheat during every game we play.”

 

     “Says the one who was trying to look at my cards earlier.”

 

      Megumi shrugs, “it makes it even.”

 

     Gojo sighs, watching Megumi move to push the sleeves on Suguru’s hoodie up.  Gojo’s not quite sure what the fascination with the sweatshirt is, he’s been wearing it a lot lately.  “Whatever, it’s your turn, Gremlin.”

 

     Megumi places a red plus two.  “Looks like you don’t have uno anymore!”

 

     Gojo smiles, it took awhile, but Megumi’s learned the rules to Uno pretty fast.

 

     “Ha, sucks.”  Suguru grins placing one of his own cards down.

 

     Gojo’s enjoying himself.  He’s had a rough couple of days, and the beginning of today wasn’t great either, since that woman from the Gojo Clan showed up.  But when Megumi woke up and Suguru suggested they play a game, all the anxiety seemed to fade away.  Gojo, for the first time in days, felt like himself.

 

     Gojo turns to look at Megumi, expecting him to have put a card down.  Instead, his head is turned towards the window.  There’s this shine in Megumi’s eyes that Gojo doesn’t see often.  “It’s snowing,” his voice is quiet, and full of amazement.

 

     Gojo turns to looks, seeing the snow fall steadily.  The first snow of the season is something he’s always enjoyed seeing.

 

     “Let’s go!”  Megumi runs towards the front door, not even waiting to see if the other two were behind him before running outside.

 

     “Megumi, wait,” Gojo follows, the cold nipping at his skin.

 

     Megumi stands in the middle of the yard, nose already beginning to turn red from the cold.  He looks up at the sky, eyes wide and sparkling.

 

     Gojo’s heart swells at the sight, his kid looks so content, so peaceful.  “Megumi, you’re gonna catch a cold,” he heads towards Megumi, suddenly a little reluctant to bring him back inside to get his coat.

 

      Once Gojo’s close enough Megumi takes his hand, not bothering to pry his gaze away from the sky.  “It’s so pretty,” he speaks softly, his words coming out in little puffs of air.

 

     Gojo stares at Megumi, there’s something so precious in seeing Megumi so enthralled by something as simple as snowfall.  “Yeah, it is,” maybe they can stand out here for a few more minutes before grabbing their coats.

 

     “Hey, what do you two morons think you’re doing?!”  Suguru’s voice grabs Gojo’s attention, and he turns to see his best friend bundled up, his arms wrapped around two jackets.  He heads towards them, “put on a damn coat!”

 

 

      Yuji doesn’t eat a lot.  Choso watches him push his food around his plate, taking small nibbles of his food.

 

      Nanami encourages him some, but after a few minutes he just takes the plate and puts it in the fridge.

 

       The fact that Yuji didn’t eat a whole lot doesn’t sit right with Choso.  Wasn’t he hungry?  His little brother needed to eat if he was going to grow big and strong.

 

      “Don’t worry, he’ll eat it later.”

 

      Choso turns to Sukuna, a frown on his face, “huh?”

 

      “You were making a face.  Sometimes Yuji just looses his appetite.  He’ll eat later”

 

     Choso can understand that, he’s a little relieved hearing that Yuji will eat his food later.

 

     Nanami comes back, sitting in his chair before speaking.  “After dinner I was thinking we could watch a movie, how does that sound?”

 

     “Can we watch Pirates?”  Sukuna sounds excited, and there’s a hopeful expression on his face.

 

     Nanami, however looks hesitant.  “I don’t know, it’s kind of scary.  Choso might not like it.”

 

     “What’s it about?”  Choso doesn’t want to be the reason they don’t watch the movie, but he wants to make sure it’s not too scary first.

 

     “It’s so good!  There’s this guy named Will and the pirates need him to break a curse but they kidnap the wrong person and he teams up with a different pirate to save her!”  Sukuna talks fast, there’s an excitement to him that Choso’s never seen before.

 

     “That sounds cool!”  Choso smiles, he wouldn’t mind watching that, it doesn’t sound too scary.

 

 

     Sukuna failed to mention the skeletons.  They aren’t that scary, but Choso still would’ve liked the warning.  He thinks he’s heard about this movie before, Aoki talked about seeing the new one with his older brother.

 

      They’re about halfway through the movie.  Yuji’s now devouring his remaining dinner, something Choso is relieved about.  He wonders why Yuji has trouble eating, did something happen?

 

    The movie is fun, Choso really likes Captain Jack Sparrow.  He’s brave, and funny, he can see why Sukuna likes the movie so much.  He makes a mental note about Sukuna’s love of Pirates.  He wants to know everything he can about his brothers.

 

     He’s made a mental list of things about his brothers.  Sukuna likes pirates, Yuji likes to color.  Yuji is more open and expressive with his emotions, while Sukuna seems to be more reserved in that regard.  Sukuna also seems to be protective, Choso thinks the way he dotes on Yuji is sweet.  He wonders if Sukuna was always that attentive with Yuji, or if that developed because of the loss of their parents.

 

     Choso hears Yuji sigh before he leans into Choso’s side.  He glances over, seeing Yuji’s bowl empty makes Choso weirdly relieved.

 

     He brings his attention back to the movie, he thinks it’s been a good day.

 

 

     Megumi sits, sandwiched in between his two favorite people.  It’s relaxing.  The three of them sit on the porch, completely wrapped in blankets and watching the snow fall.

 

     “It’s supposed to snow all night,” Geto speaks softly, as if talking too loud would disturb the peaceful scene.  “We should be able to play in it tomorrow.”

 

     Megumi can’t remember a time when he was allowed to play in the snow.  After he’d gotten his cursed technique, it wasn’t often he got to do things like play in the snow.  “How do you play in it?”

 

     Geto scrunches his nose, it seemed like he wasn’t expecting the question.  “Well, you can do all sorts of things, Satoru will be able to show you.  He really likes the snow.”

 

     Something about the way Geto says Gojo’s name has Megumi intrigued.  He always says it with such care.  Megumi thinks they must’ve known each other for a long time.  “How long have you known Gojo?”

 

     “Almost two years, why?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, “I was just curious.  You always use his first name.”

 

     “Well we’re close.”  There’s a pause, then Geto speaks again, “you could probably call him Satoru too, you know?”

 

     Megumi scrunches his nose, calling someone who was practically an adult by their first name felt wrong somehow.  “Isn’t that rude?”

 

     “Rude?”  Gojo speaks now, “why would it be rude?”

 

     Megumi knows by the way Gojo talks that he said something that was odd.  “My dad used to tell me it was rude.  I did it to his friend one time and dad got upset with me.”

 

     Gojo tenses, the way he always does when Megumi talks about his dad.  “Fushiguro doesn’t know what he’s talking about.”  Gojo’s voice comes out sharp, Megumi isn’t sure why Gojo always gets so worked up whenever Megumi mentions him.

 

     “Well, it depends.  It can be rude.  Like if it’s someone you don’t know or aren’t very familiar with I would say it’s rude.”  Geto’s decided to cut in again, “but Satoru’s your family.  You already use Shoko’s first name.”

 

     He did?  When Gojo had first introduced her he’d just called her Shoko.  She hadn’t corrected him like Geto had when they first met so Megumi didn’t think much of it.  But was Shoko ok with that?  Were they close enough that she didn’t mind?  “Why didn’t anyone say anything,” there’s a slight waver to his voice as the panic sets in.  Has he been upsetting her this entire time?  He really likes Shoko, he didn’t want her upset with him.

 

     “Because she doesn’t mind.  There’s no need to get worked up,” Geto moves to put an arm around Megumi, clearly sensing his panic.  “If she didn’t want you to call her that she would have corrected you.”

 

     Megumi guesses that makes sense. But was it really ok to call Gojo his first name?

 

     “You can call me whatever you want Megs.  It doesn’t matter if you call me Satoru or Gojo, whatever you’re comfortable with.”

 

     Megumi thinks about it, the idea of calling an adult still by their first name still felt wrong.  Though, Gojo’s not technically an adult yet, he’s still the adult figure in Megumi’s life.  Megumi sighs, leaning further into Geto’s hold.  He can figure it out later, for now he’ll enjoy the snow.

 

 

     It’s about ten when they finish their movie.  Nanami moves to turn the tv off, “alright, boys.  It’s time to sleep.”

 

     Nanami can hear Sukuna groan, “I’m not tired!”

 

    “You want to get a good night’s sleep so you can play with Choso tomorrow.”

 

     Choso stands up, “c’mon, Sukuna!  I’m tired.”

 

     Sukuna huffs, reluctantly standing up.  “Fine, but only because you’re tired.”

 

     Nanami leads the way to their room.  When he gets there he goes straight to Yuji’s dresser.  “This drawer right here has all of your clothes for when you stay over.”  Nanami digs through the drawer and pulls out the Ninja Turtles pajamas they’d bought the other day.  “Here, Yuji picked them out.”

 

     Choso takes the clothes, Nanami doesn’t think he’s ever seen a kid so fascinated with a pair of Pajamas before.  “You didn’t have to buy me anything.”

 

     Something in the way Choso said that makes Nanami think they kid doesn’t get new things very often.  “We wanted to.  We figured it would be easier for you and your mom if you have some clothes you could keep here.”

 

     “Thank you,” Choso’s voice is quiet, and a small smile graces his features as he looks down at the clothes.

 

     Nanami smiles, he’s glad they could do something nice for Choso.  He makes a mental note to spoil the kid every now and then.  “Of course, Choso.”

 

 

     It’s getting late.  Geto knows it’s way past Megumi’s bedtime, but the kid seems so content sitting in his lap and staring out the window.

 

     The snow’s really coming down now.  It warms Geto’s heart seeing Megumi so excited about the idea of getting to play in it.

 

     Megumi takes a sip of his hot chocolate as Geto runs his hands through his hair.  He works carefully, gently working the tangles and knots out of his hair.  It was a lazy sort of day for them, the kind where none of them bothered to get dressed.  Naturally, that meant they’d forgotten to brush through Megumi’s hair.

 

     It’s getting long, Megumi’s hair goes well past his ears now.  Geto notices it’s not nearly as wild as it was when they’d first met.  Megumi’s hair typically has a mind of its own, sticking out in every which way.  Geto thinks the length of his hair is to blame for the less spiky appearance.  It’s still wild, something Geto thinks no amount of styling and brushing will ever fix.  But, now that his hair is laying a little flatter Megumi’s beginning to look more like Fushiguro.  They’ll have to get it cut before that becomes a problem for the kid.

 

     Megumi sighs, pressing himself into Geto.  The kid seems so relaxed.  He’s glad, half the time it seems the poor kid is always struggling, it makes Geto happy seeing him like this.

 

     It’s crazy to think that Geto ever hated this kid.  Megumi may be a pain sometimes, but he’s such a sweet kid.  If someone had told Geto a few weeks ago that he’d find himself becoming so viscerally protective of Megumi he would’ve laughed in their faces.

 

     “You know, I’m glad you’re over more.”

 

     Geto hums at that, “yeah?  How come?”

 

     “Well, Gojo seems happier when you’re around.”  There was a pause before Megumi said the name, as if he was trying to figure something out.  “I think he should have someone looking out for him too.”

 

     Geto agrees, Satoru deserves someone who’ll give him the support he needs.

 

     “Are you sleeping over again?”

 

     “Yes,” Geto pauses, he’s sure that having an extra person constantly in the house hasn’t been an easy adjustment.  “Sorry, I’m not trying to get in the way of your little family or anything.  I’m just trying to help Satoru get back in the swing of things.”

 

     “You’re not getting in the way,” Megumi looks up at him, a frown on his face.  “That’s silly.  We like having you around.”

 

      Geto smiles, moving to untangle a particularly stubborn knot.  “Thank you.  I like being around.”

 

     “Alright, Gremlin!  Time for bed!”  Satoru walks into the room, clad in sweatpants and an old band t-shirt Geto recognizes as his own.

 

     Megumi looks as if he’s going to argue, but then he lets out a yawn.  “Alright,” seems like Megumi decided he wouldn’t be able to convince Satoru after that.

 

     Megumi hops down, Geto walking beside him.

 

     Megumi takes Geto’s hand.  Geto stares at the kid, watching as Megumi doesn’t seem to react, as if casually holding Geto’s hand was a normal and regular occurrence.

 

     Megumi looks up and through his bangs.  Geto decides that hair is definitely too long.  He makes a note to talk to Satoru about taking the kid to get it cut.  It’d have to be someone they trust, Geto didn’t think a stranger bringing a sharp object up to his head from behind would really bode well with the kid.

 

     Maybe his mom could cut it?  She lived pretty far, but it might be nice to get away for a couple days.  Besides, she could show Geto how to do it himself so he could do it in the future.

 

     They’ll worry about Megumi’s hair later, for now they’ll focus on the fun they’re going to have tomorrow.
Notes:

    Someone commented last chapter about Megumi still calling Gojo by his last name and I realized I never addressed it so… my bad

Chapter 47: Snowball Fight
Summary:

    No, he couldn’t do it. He’d run away. He could leave now, and he’d never be seen again. He could run out that door right now, he wouldn’t even have to pack…

     

    TRIGGER WARNING:
    - More Referenced Child abuse (bc it’s not a fanfic without ✨Trauma✨)

Notes:

    Sorry guys, didn’t mean to leave you hanging

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 


     “This is disgraceful!”  The lady waves the ruler in front of Gojo in a disapproving sort of way.  “You are the pride of the Gojo clan!  You must strive for nothing less than perfection!”

 

      Gojo doesn’t really know what he’d done wrong this time, but maybe if he apologizes instead of asking she’ll let it go.  “I’m sorry.”

 

      A long, bony hand grabs him by the ear and tugs his ear hard.

 

    Gojo yelps, blinking back tears as she forces his head up.

 

     “You look at people when you talk to them, you ungrateful brat!”  She moves her hands down, Gojo flinches when her large hand grabs his small wrist.

 

      Gojo can’t help but let out a sob, he hates this.  “Please don’t.  It hurts.”

 

     Apparently, that was the wrong thing to say, there’s an anger in her eyes that wasn’t there a moment ago.  “The strongest sorcerer in the world should be able to handle a little pain, Satoru!  I’m doing this because you leave me no choice!”

 

    As she lifts the ruler up in the air, Gojo squeezes his eyes shut and waits for the blow.

 

 

      Gojo jolts out of bed, practically falling as he scrambles to get up.  He can’t breathe, and his wrists burn.  He hasn’t dreamt about his childhood in a long time.

 

     He needs to calm down, luckily Megumi decided to sleep in his own room today, so he hadn’t woken the kid.  If he keeps this up, though he risks waking them up.

 

      Gojo sits there for a moment, taking a couple deep breaths, before deciding that he needs something to calm him down.  Maybe a quick snack would keep his mind off things.  Something he can grab and bring back to the room without waking anyone up.

 

      Now that he’s set his mind to a goal that he can focus on, Gojo feels like he can breathe a little better.  His wrists still burn, he’s hunched over, with his arms tucked away against his chest.  He feels small, vulnerable as he quietly creeps out of his room to head towards the kitchen.

 

     He’s walks quietly through the living room, stopping briefly to stare at the figure asleep on the couch.  Suguru would know how to help.  For a moment, Gojo debates waking his friend up, but the last few days Suguru’s time has been dedicated to him, the least he can do is let his friend have a full night’s sleep.

 

     He continues to the kitchen, and grabs the first overly sweet thing he can find in the pantry.  He unwraps the Swiss roll and throws the wrapper in the garbage.

 

     He pauses for a moment, a white, unopened envelope peaks out from the trash.  That’s weird, where could that have possibly come from?

 

     Gojo grabs the item finding a single word written in perfect script on the front…

 

     ‘ Satoru’.

 

      Dread finds its way into the pit of his stomach.  He rips the envelope open, finding a letter inside.

 

     ‘Satoru.  It has been quite some time since you last came to the estate.  The clan head requests your presence by the end of the month to discuss your progress .

 

     We look forward to your arrival,

     - Izumi Gojo’

 

     Gojo stares at the letter, it’s as if time has gone completely still.  The blood rushes in his ears and he can’t breathe.  The air feels hot, stifling, and he’s suddenly suffocating, burning from the inside out.  They’d worked so hard… he’d worked so hard to get his grade up enough so that he wouldn’t have to go home, and here they were, asking to see him anyway.

 

     He stares at the name, written in perfect, elegant handwriting.  Just seeing her name makes him feel sick.  Would she be there?  Would he have to see her?

 

     No, he couldn’t do it.  He’d run away.  He could leave now, and he’d never be seen again.  He could run out that door right now, he wouldn’t even have to pack…

 

     But then he’d be leaving Megumi, and he’d be no better than Fushiguro.

 

     It’s hot, he’s hot.  Maybe he could actually breathe and think straight if the air wasn’t trying to boil him alive.

 

     Gojo stumbles out of the kitchen.  He doesn’t know what he’s really doing, maybe if he wasn’t having a crisis he’d be more aware.  One second he was in the kitchen, the next he was stumbling out in the snow, taking in big gulps of cold air.

 

     The wind whips and bites at his skin, but it’s a welcoming sensation compared to the burning he was experiencing just seconds ago.

 

      He falls to his knees, ignoring the way the snow starts to make his sweatpants wet.  He reads the letter, over and over, gripping the paper so tight that it begins to tear under the pressure.  This wasn’t real, this couldn’t possibly be happening.  It was like his worst nightmare come to life, it-

 

     “Satoru?”  Suguru’s voice is quiet.  Gojo can hear his footsteps and he gets closer.  He drapes a blanket over Gojo’s shoulders before moving to sit in front of him.

 

     Suguru grabs the sides of Gojo’s face.  It’s a grounding pressure that Gojo’s immensely thankful for, and he finds himself grasping onto it like his life depends on it.  “Satoru, what’s wrong?”

 

     “I-“ Gojo’s voice breaks off into a sob.  He clutches the paper tighter, he doesn’t think he can get the words out.

 

     Luckily, he doesn’t have to.  Suguru looks down at Gojo’s hands before he moves to pry the damned letter from his grip.

 

     There’s a moment of silence.  Gojo watches as Suguru’s eyebrows furrow in concentration, the way they always do when he’s reading.

 

     When Suguru looks up, something akin to alarm finds its way onto his face.  “Oh, Satoru…”

 

    Gojo all but throws himself at Suguru, latching onto him with all his might.  “I can’t go back,” he sobs into Suguru’s shoulder, practically choking on his words.  “I don’t wanna go back!  Don’t let them!”

 

     Suguru holds Gojo just as tightly.  “It’s gonna be ok.  We’ll figure it out.”

 

 

      Choso wakes to one of his brothers screaming.  He’s not quite sure what’s going on, but he rushes over to Yuji.

 

      “Yuji!”  Choso shakes his brother, “it’s ok!”

 

      Choso isn’t sure what to do.  Sukuna’s next to him now, who seems concerned but not nearly as alarmed as he should be.

 

     Choso just wants his brother to be ok.  In a desperate attempt to comfort Yuji, Choso lifts him up into a sitting position before wrapping his arms around him.

 

     Yuji’s head flops onto his shoulder.  Choso’s sure it’s a nightmare, but why won’t he wake up?  Everything would be ok if Yuji just opened his eyes.

 

     The door swings open, and Choso stares at a very disheveled Nanami.  He heads over to Choso and takes Yuji from him.

 

     Choso stares at the pair.  He’s shaking like a leaf, he’s scared .  Scared for his brother, and just so immensely worried that it’s overwhelming.

 

     Yuji’s screams stop pretty shortly after that, it seems like he’d woken up finally.

 

     Nanami looks over at Choso, his eyes shinning with sympathy.  “Oh, Choso,” he pats the side of the bed next to him.  “Come here, honey.”

 

     Choso scoots a little closer, he doesn’t want to impose, and he doesn’t know if his little brother needs space or not.

 

      Nanami moves, wrapping an arm around Choso and pulling him closer.  “I’m sorry, that must’ve been scary.”

 

     It was scary.  Yuji sounded so scared and hurt… Choso never wants to hear him so upset again.  “What happened,” his voice wavers, and he can feel the hot tears that start to pool in his eyes.

 

     “A nightmare.  The boys get them sometimes.  I’m sorry, I should’ve warned you.”

 

     Choso doesn’t think he’s ever heard of a nightmare being that bad.  “Is it ok now?”

 

     Nanami leans back, guiding both Choso and Yuji so that the three of them lay comfortably on the bed.  “Yes, it’s ok now.  I’ve got you both.”

 

 

     Megumi slept fine, so he’s not quite sure why he wakes up with this tight, anxious feeling clawing at his throat.  He hops out of bed, he’s not sure what time it is, but he knows that he slept later than usual.

 

     He’s not sure if Gojo’s awake, but Megumi knows he’ll feel better once he’s with him.  He heads to Gojo’s room, tiptoeing through the house as quietly as possible.

 

     When he gets to Gojo’s room he’s surprised to find Gojo pressed up against Geto in his sleep.

 

     Megumi frowns, something must’ve happened, Geto usually sleeps on the couch.  Geto sleeping with his arms wrapped around Gojo is out of the ordinary to say the least.

 

     Megumi inches closer, for a moment, he debates going back to his room.  He doesn’t want to interrupt their sleep, especially if something had happened in the middle of the night.

 

      He almost does turn around, but he knows that Gojo would rather be woken up then to find out Megumi tried to deal with things on his own.  So, very carefully, Megumi climbs onto the bed.

 

     He manages to squeeze in between the two.  He stares at Gojo, Megumi thinks he looks tired.

 

     Megumi settles into a comfortable position, staring at Gojo.  He can already feel that anxious feeling ebbing away.

 

     Megumi closed his eyes, taking a deep breath.  He just sits there, enjoying the company of the two most important people in his life.  Megumi thinks he’s happy now.  Sure, there are days that feel like they’re almost impossible, days where he feels like his whole world is falling apart, but he has Gojo.  Satoru Gojo who cares for him and loves him like a dad just because he can.  And he has Geto, who loves him too, though not nearly as viscerally as his dad, who’s still there for him and cares for him and expects nothing in return.  And they help Megumi, they’re there when things are too hard, or too scary and they shower him with such affection, and Megumi loves them just as much, if not more.

 

 

     Nanami wakes to a crick in his neck and three kids piled on top of him.  Yuji and Choso are pressed up on either side of him sound asleep.  Sukuna’s decided to curl up on his chest, looking more akin to a cat than anything.

 

     Nanami sighs, he was going to surprise the trio by making a big breakfast, with waffles and bacon and eggs and a plethora of other things, but that’ll have to wait.  He’d rather ruin their surprise than ruin their much needed sleep.

 

      There’s a chill in the house, the kind that creeps into all the old buildings on the school’s campus whenever it snows.  It’s not an unwelcome sensation, as troublesome as it is, he’s come to associate the feeling with the beautiful scene it leaves.  He’s excited to play in the snow with the twins for the first time.

 

     Nanami sighs, closing his eyes, this was ok.  Yuji might have a harder time than normal today, but Nanami thinks that as long as they’re all patient then today will be a good day.

 

 

     “Can’t we play in the snow first?”  Megumi whines at Satoru’s feet, tugging on the man’s shirt.

 

     Satoru laughs, moving to ruffle the kids hair.  “C’mon now, don’t be like that.  Breakfast is important.”

 

     Megumi huffs, opting to sit right at Satoru’s feet.  If Geto didn’t know any better, he’d say Megumi was pouting.  “I don’t see why it’s such a big deal.”

 

     It’s small, if Geto wasn’t so attuned to his best friend’s body language he wouldn’t have noticed the way Satoru freezes briefly.  “It’s important to eat when you’re growing.  Makes you strong.”

 

     The conversation seems to die out shortly after that.  Geto takes the time to look around the house.  It’s something he’s never had the luxury of doing, always so preoccupied with either Megumi or Satoru.

 

     The house is a bit of a mess.  Geto knows that Satoru’s always had a hard time keeping his dorm room clean, so it’s no surprise to see that translates to his house as well.  He makes a mental note to help Satoru work on his cleaning habits.

 

      There’s pictures on almost every surface.  Dusty picture frames cling to walls and atop shelves.  Some, are of Satoru’s friends, pictures of him and Shoko and even some of Nanami Satoru had managed to sneak.  But a lot of them, most of them are of Megumi,  there’s one where he’s at the kitchen, chocolate smeared on his face from whatever he’s cooking.  As he walks he sees more picures, some of Megumi at the zoo, Halloween, the pumpkin patch, even a few in the kimono Megumi had to wear to see the Zenin Clan.  There’s a picture of Geto and Megumi, the two of them sprawled on the couch together fast asleep, Geto doesn’t have a clue of when Satoru found the time to have these developed, but it was nice to see Satoru’s love for the kid take a physical form.

 

     Another picture frame caught his eye, it stood alone next to the tv.  Geto probably wouldn’t have taken much notice to it if it weren’t for the fact that it was covered in so much dust that the picture underneath was hidden.  Geto picks it up, brushing the dust away to reveal Megumi.  Satoru must’ve caught him off guard if the surprised expression is anything to go off of.

 

     Geto’s chest tightens at the photo, Megumi looks so small.   Not small in the way he is now, with baby fat clinging to his cheeks in a way that makes him look so young.  In this picture Megumi is positively tiny , his cheeks much thinner and devoid of their slight chubbiness.

 

     Geto remembers Satoru telling him of Megumi’s struggles with eating, particularly what he ate and how much of it.  Fushiguro had the poor kid on a strict diet, and with the way he pushed the kid…

 

     It was no wonder Satoru put so much emphasis and effort into the concept of food to the kid.  Geto’s a little surprised by just how drastic the before was…

 

     He’s glad that Satoru’s been able to help him.

 

 

     Sukuna likes the snow, it’s cold and makes his fingers numb, but it’s fun all the same.  He likes snowball fights and snow angels and all the fun things that come with the weather.  Most importantly, though, he loves seeing Yuji so excited and happy.

 

     Sukuna’s rolling the midsection of their snowman.  It’s getting a little more difficult to push, but not nearly as hard as the snowball that Yuji and Choso is pushing.

 

     Sukuna watches the two work together to make the bottom, he’d say they’re almost done, the snowball they’ve been pushing around is now almost as big as Yuji is.

 

     “Ok, I think that’s good, Yuji!  Sukuna, bring yours over!”  Choso ushers Sukuna over, a big smile on his face.

 

     Sukuna pushes the snowball, it’s cold, even with the gloves the cold seeps into his fingers.  Everything is cold, that’s the one thing he doesn’t like about the snow.

 

  Once he pushes it over it’s just a little smaller than the other ball.  “How’re we gonna get it up there?”  Maybe making such a big snowman was a bad idea.

 

     “You guys need some help?”  Nanami is suddenly behind Sukuna, placing a warm hand on his shoulder before reaching to grab the snowball.

 

     Sukuna’s glad Nanami is able to help him.  “Thanks.”

 

     Nanami places the snowman’s middle down perfectly, “of course, Dumpling.  I’ll go get him some accessories.”

 

      Sukuna watches as Nanami walks back into the house before turning to see his brother’s already working on the head.

 

     Sukuna decides to go look for some decent arms.  He doesn’t mind being by himself, he likes little peaceful moments like this, even if he doesn’t like being cold.

 

 

     “Hey!  You can’t use Infinity, that’s cheating!”  Megumi frowns, going to throw make snowball.

 

     Gojo smiles, “sure it is, this is war!”

 

      Megumi doesn’t seem to like that answer because the next snowball is aimed at Gojo’s head.

 

    Gojo laughs, “ok, ok, I’ll take it down.”  He stuffs his hands into his pocket.  “Here, Gremlin, free hit.”

 

     It’s at that exact moment that Megumi’s dogs plow into Gojo’s side.  Effectively knocking him down into the snow.

 

     Megumi erupts in a fit of giggles, giving both dogs a scratch as they walk by.

 

     “Wow, Satoru.  Outsmarted by a four year old… how embarrassing.”

 

     Gojo sputters for a moment, “no! I let him to that, obviously!”

 

      Megumi giggles, smiling from ear to ear at Gojo’s predicament.

 

     Gojo smiles back, giving an evil sort of grin.  “Think that’s funny,” Gojo grabs a handful of snow before standing up.

 

     Megumi squeals before running away.  He successfully ducks behind Geto just as the snowball is thrown.

 

     Megumi hears Geto let out a startled sound as the snowball hits him square in the face.

 

     “Megumi.”

 

     Megumi looks up at Geto, finding snow clinging to the man’s hair.

 

       “Team up?”  There’s a mischievous glint in Geto’s eye.

 

     Megumi nods, smiling at Geto.  “He doesn’t stand a chance.”
Notes:

    Are you guys ready for me to make up some random ass lore for the Gojo Clan?

Chapter 48: Train Station
Summary:

    Megumi can’t do this. They’ve been in the train station for all of five minutes and Megumi already wants to go home.

Notes:

    Omg we’re back! I’m officially older (gross) and to celebrate I have another chapter!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Megumi is nervous.  He hugs his bear close, rocking back and forth on his heels as he watches Geto dig through his clothes.

 

     Not Geto, he reminds himself, Suguru, he was still getting used to that.  “Do we have to go?”

 

     “Yes, Megs.  It’ll be fun, I promise.  You and Satoru will like it.”

 

     Megumi highly doubts it, he’s never gone so far before.  The thought of how he’s not going to know where he is leaves his chest feeling tight.  “But why?”

 

     “Because I trust her, so I figured it would make things easier for you.”  Suguru pulls out the hoodie Megumi stole from him not too long ago.  “Am I packing this?”

 

     Megumi squeezes his bear tighter.  He’d like the added comfort of the hoodie right now, it was big and comfortable and reminded him of Suguru who made him feel safe.  “Yes.”

 

     Suguru turns around to place it in the suitcase, stopping when he sees Megumi.  He sighs, placing the sweatshirt down before kneeling in front of Megumi.  He tucks a piece of the kid’s hair behind his ear, “there’s nothing to be nervous about, Demon.  Satoru and I are going to stay with you the whole time, ok?”

 

     Megumi nods, he can be brave for Suguru.

 

 

     It’s that time again.  Time for Nanami to drag the boys out for another trip to the doctor’s.

 

     He’s dreading it, if he’s being honest.  It doesn’t matter how many times they’ve gone, the boys are still a nervous wreck.

 

     At least he doesn’t have to drag Yuji out of the house this time.

 

     Surprisingly, the worst one is Sukuna.  Nanami thinks it’s the kid’s immense dislike of needles that causes the poor kid to be so anxious, either way, it’s rough for both of them.

 

     Nanami sits with Sukuna, tears running down the kid’s face.

 

     “Dumpling, we’ve done this plenty of times before, it’s just a routine checkup to make sure you guys are on track.”  They’re more for Yuji, until he’s reached a normal weight they have to keep going every three weeks.

 

     Sukuna nods, wiping his eyes.  “I don’t like it.”

 

     “I know, but hopefully it should only be a few more visits, ok?”

 

 

     Megumi can’t do this.  They’ve been in the train station for all of five minutes and Megumi already wants to go home.

 

      He’s never been in a place so crowded before.  He hates it.  It’s loud, and the cursed energy from everyone around him is overwhelming.  And not to mention the Curses…

 

     They’re all harmless, low-level Curses, but they’re everywhere.

 

     He doesn’t think he can do this anymore, his chest hurts and his eyes well with tears no matter how hard he tries to hold them back.

 

     Megumi stares up at Satoru, he’s talking with the ticket lady.  Megumi probably shouldn’t interrupt, their train leaves soon and they can’t risk missing it, but Megumi can’t find it in himself to care.  He tugs hard on Satoru’s sleeve.  “Gojo,” he lets the name out in a sob, he used his last name again, but he’s too upset to care right now.

 

     Satoru moves to kneel in front of Megumi.  “Hey,” his voice comes out soft as he moves to cup Megumi’s face in his hands.  He brushes the tears away with his thumb, “what’s wrong?”

 

     What wasn’t wrong?  Megumi isn’t even sure where to begin.  There are too many people, too many curses, too many noises, just too much everything. Megumi’s never gone away before, he’s scared and upset and he wants to go home.

 

     Megumi’s being lifted up, causing him to be pulled away from Satoru.  He lets out a cry, reaching out for Satoru.

 

     “It’s alright,” Suguru's voice fills Megumi’s ears as the man rests him on his hip.  “You buy the tickets, Satoru.  I’ll take Megumi somewhere quiet.  Call me when you’re done.”

 

     Megumi watches Satoru as they walk away, and it only results in him crying harder.  He loves Suguru, don’t get him wrong, but he just really wants his dad right now.

 

      “I know, Megs.”  Suguru holds him tighter, “but Satoru is the one paying for the tickets.  It’ll just be a minute.”

 

     Megumi hates this, he hates that something as simple as going away has him so worked up.  “Wanna go home,” he whines, it’s not very understandable past the tears but he hopes it comes across.

 

     “I know, it’s scary.  But we have to go, Megumi.  You can’t see.”

 

     Suguru has a point, his bangs are well past his eyes at this point.  “Why can’t you do it?”

 

     “She’ll do a much better job.” Suguru moves to sit down, Megumi’s not sure where they are but there are significantly less people here.  “She’s going to love you, she’s very excited to meet you two.”

 

     Megumi knows he’s being ridiculous.  They’re going to meet Suguru’s parents, he shouldn’t be so nervous about it.

 

     “You weren’t this freaked out when we’d left.  Is there something about the train station?”

 

     Megumi lets out another sob.  He nods his head, unsure of how to articulate exactly what is wrong out loud.

 

     Suguru hums, “Can you tell me?  Maybe I can help?”

 

     Megumi shakes his head, there’s no way, that Suguru would be able to help him right now.  “Too much,” Megumi retreats into Suguru’s jacket, pressing his face into the fabric.

 

     Suguru doesn’t say anything at first, running his fingers through Megumi’s hair.  It’s obvious he’s trying to piece together what Megumi meant.  “Is it the cursed energy?  It tends to build up in places like this.  Would it help if you had something familiar to focus on?  I know mine’s overwhelming, but it might help to have one to focus on.”

 

     Megumi takes a minute to think it over, Suguru’s Cursed Energy is intense and suffocating, but he thinks anything is better than how he’s feeling now.

 

 

     Sukuna hates going to the doctor.  He hates the poking and the prodding, he hates all the people and the bright lights.

 

     They go for Yuji.  Sukuna’s smart enough to know that his brother’s eating habits have made Yuji lose far too much weight.

 

     “Mr. Nanami?”  A nurse approaches them, “The doctor is ready for you three.”

 

     Nanami sighs, getting out of his seat before lifting Sukuna up.  Normally, it’s Yuji that gets to be held, but doctor visits are the one exception.

 

      They follow the nurse to the room.  Though she really doesn’t need to, they’ve been here so many times that Sukuna could probably get to the doctor’s office blindfolded.

 

     They step into the office, Dr. Smith is already there with a big smile on her face.  “Hello, boys!  How are we doing today?”

 

     “Fine,” Sukuna sees Yuji sign something out of the corner of his eye, but he doesn’t particularly care what his answer is, he just wants to get this over with.

 

     “That’s good to hear, shall we start with you, Sukuna?”  That was a relief to hear.  Sukuna would prefer to just get his over with instead of waiting for it to be his turn.

 

    Nanami puts him down, and he follows her to the tape measure painted onto the wall.

 

     Dr. Smith hums, jotting something down.  “Alright, now step on the scale.”

 

     Sukuna does, and Dr. Smith writes something down again before having him sit up on the table.

 

     Sukuna tries not to shiver when the cold stethoscope is pressed against his chest.  It’s not the worst part of the checkup, it means they’re almost done after all.

 

     After a few more tests Dr. Smith steps back, “alright, Sukuna, you’re all done!”

 

     Sukuna doesn’t have to be told twice, he hops off the table before quickly running to Nanami.

 

     Then it’s Yuji’s turn, Sukuna can tell by the look on her face that Dr. Smith isn’t too happy with his results.

 

     “Well, the good news is he gained half a pound.  The bad news is he’s still about four pounds short of where I’d like him to be.  How’s his appetite?”

 

     “It’s better,” there’s a sadness to Nanami’s tone, Sukuna’s not quite sure why.  “There are still days that are hard, but now he’s been able to eat later in the day.”

 

     “That’s good, try to get him to eat all his meals.  If he doesn’t finish then try again at a later time.  Any other concerns since the last time you came in?”

 

     Sukuna stops listening at this point, it’s all boring grown-up stuff anyway.

 

 

     Satoru Gojo may be the strongest, but it didn’t matter.  He could get stabbed with a thousand knives and it still wouldn’t hurt as much as watching Suguru drag Megumi away like that.

 

     “Is he alright?”  The ticket lady frowns in concern, eyes flitting to the two leaving.

 

     Satoru nods, “overwhelmed, he’ll be ok.”  Despite his words, he looks back to Megumi.  It takes everything in his willpower to stay where he is and not march right over to his kid.

 

     The lady puts her hand over his, gaining his attention.  “Well, let’s get your tickets so you can go back to your boy.”

 

     Satoru doesn’t think he’s ever agreed with something so strongly in his life.  “Three for Nagiso, please.”

 

     “My, that’s pretty far.  Over six hours, you visiting family?”

 

     Satoru nods, “Yeah,” it’s not exactly truthful, but an easier explanation than the truth.  “I’d also like to rent out a private room.”  After the display Megumi just put on, being in their own car and secluded from everything else might be best.

 

     The woman gives Satoru his tickets and walks away before she even has the opportunity to say goodbye.

 

     It doesn’t take long for him to find Suguru.  His six eyes make it practically impossible for someone to hide from him.

 

     He finds the two on a bench.  Megumi is curled up in Suguru’s lap, his face buried in Suguru’s shirt.

 

     “Megumi,” it’s the only thing Satoru can get himself to say.

 

     The response is immediate, Megumi scrambles out of Suguru’s grip.  He throws himself into Satoru, sobbing loudly.

 

     “Hey, it’s ok,” Satoru picks Megumi up, holding him tight.  “Tell me what’s wrong.”

 

      Megumi starts babbling, telling Satoru how the station is just too much.  Satoru is suddenly very glad he got a private car on the train.

 

    “C’mon, it’ll be better on the train.”  Satoru ushers Suguru to follow.

 

     When they get on the train, Satoru hands the conductor their tickets.  The man eyes them for a moment, flitting between them and their tickets.

 

     There was a look in the conductor’s eyes, a judging sort of look that told Satoru that he was piecing together his own story for the three of them.

 

     Satoru tries not to let it get to him.  Realistically, he knows that they must look odd.  If he saw two teenagers and a kid that looked nothing like either of them he too might try to come up with some conclusion in his head.  This understanding still didn’t stop him from feeling annoyed.

 

     “You’re in car 213,” the conductor hands back the tickets.

 

      Satoru thanked the man before moving to their car.  It’s nice, like their own little room.  Satoru settles down on the couch with Megumi.

 

     Suguru closes the door behind them before storing their luggage underneath the bed at the opposite end of the room.

 

     Satoru watches the other slide the small shark backpack off his back and onto the coffee table in the middle of the room.  If Megumi wasn’t so distraught, Satoru would find it funny that Geto carried Megumi’s backpack around in public.

 

     Suguru digs through the bag, pulling out the white teddy bear that had been shoved in there that morning.  He hands it to Megumi.

 

     Megumi takes the item, pressing it close to his chest.  Satoru hates this, hates that something as simple as a crowd had Megumi so freaked out.

 

      Satoru would have to work on that with him.  Satoru understands what it’s like to be overwhelmed, so he understands Megumi’s plight of being hyper-aware of the Cursed Energy around him.  “Do you feel better?”

 

     Megumi nods, rubbing at his eyes.  “I’m sorry.  It was silly.”

 

     Satoru frowns, “it’s not silly.”  He never wants Megumi to feel like his emotions and reactions aren’t important.  “Cursed Energy builds in a place like this.  I should’ve warned you.”

 

     Megumi huffs, scooting away from Satoru so that he is now leaning on the man.  “How come we have to go anyway?”

 

     Satoru stares at his kid, whose eyes are practically hidden in his hair.  When Suguru had suggested the idea of a haircut to him he was hesitant.  Megumi wasn’t good with new people and unfamiliar places, he didn’t want to cause the kid any unwanted stress.  So, when Suguru had offered to have his mother do the job Satoru eagerly accepted.  “Because, Gremlin you need a haircut.”

 

     “Stupid reason to go so far,” Megumi grumbles, swiping his hair out of his eyes only for his bangs to fall back into place.

 

     “Well, I explained the situation to my mother.”  Suguru moves over to the two of them, he pulls the hair tie out of his hair before bending down to Megumi.  “It would be easier for you if someone we trusted was the one doing it, right?  And besides, she will be more understanding than a normal hairdresser.”  Suguru pulls back, seemingly satisfied with the sprout of hair he tied to the top of Megumi’s head.

 

     The small ponytail looked ridiculous.  All of the kid’s bangs were pulled up and rested on the top of his head.  Satoru supposes that it’s better than before.

 

 

     Yuji decides that the one good thing about going to the doctor is the events after the doctor.

 

     It’s almost as if Nanami feels bad about having to take them.  They’re now at the cute little restaurant that’s located down the road of the school.

 

     Nanami’s reading the menu out loud to them.  He doesn’t need to, they’ve been here so many times already that Yuji already knows what he’s going to get.

 

     Sukuna groans, “Stop reading.  Can’t I just get noodles?”

 

     Nanami chuckles, “Sure, Sukuna.  What did you want, Yuji?”

 

     Yuji picks up the menu, pointing to the little picture on the cover.

 

     “Dumplings again?  You always get those.  Don’t you want to try something new?”

 

     Yuji shakes his head.  He likes the pork dumplings.  They’re tasty and it’s hard to tell Nanami what he wants when he still can’t quite talk yet.  He’s excited for the day he’ll finally be able to tell Nanami what he wants instead of pointing to the only picture on the menu.  Until then, he’ll just have to order the dumplings.

 

     Nanami orders for the three of them when the waiter comes around.  “So,” Nanami turns to the boys once the waiter leaves.  “The holidays are coming up.  Any idea what you boys want?”

 

     Yuji shrugs, he’s not really sure, any kind of toy would be nice.

 

       “You really liked the Legos at Choso’s house.”

 

     Yuji’s face lights up at Sukuna’s suggestion.  They don’t have a whole lot of Legos at home, and Yuji enjoys building all sorts of things with them.  He nods his head.

 

     “Ok, Legos.  What about you, Dumpling?”

 

      Sukuna ponders this for a moment, tapping his fingers on the table.  He hums, “pirate ship.”

 

     “A pirate ship?”

 

      Sukuna nods, “like a really cool one with canons.  Like The Black Pearl!”

 

     It comes as no surprise to Yuji that Sukuna wants a pirate ship.  He loves pirates after all, and Pirate of The Caribbean is his favorite movie.

 

     “A toy pirate ship?  Sounds pretty cool.”  Nanami smiles, he seems to find this very amusing.

 

     “And pirates too.  Someone has to man the ship.”

 

     “Obviously.”

 

     It’s then that the waiter comes with their food.

 

     “Well, boys, dig in!”

 

 

     Megumi is like a completely different person once the train begins to move.  Gone is the tired and upset expression on his face and is instead replaced with wonder.

 

     “We’re going so fast!”  Meguni whips his head away from the window to look at Satoru.  “Dad, how’d they get it to go so fast?!”  He’d slipped up again, Satoru wasn’t his dad, not really, but he found himself not feeling as embarrassed about it.

 

     “I don’t know, a really strong engine I guess.”

 

     Megumi turns to look back out the window.  “Cool.”

 

      Colors zoom past, buildings and trees becoming a splendid flash of color whizzing by.

 

    “So where do your parents live, Suguru?”  He couldn’t remember where they were going, that felt important for Megumi to know.

 

     “Nagiso, it’s a little city up in the mountains.  You’ll like it, it’s very peaceful.”

 

     Megumi likes peaceful.  His life is so full of excitement already, he hopes Suguru is right.  “Are your parents nice?”

 

     “Yes, I’d say so.”  There’s a softness to his voice, “My mother is going to love you.  Try not to worry so much.”

 

     Megumi tries not to worry, he trusts Suguru when he says his parents are nice.  But he hasn’t exactly had much luck with adults.  He thinks about voicing this, about telling Suguru this nagging feeling of dread at the thought of meeting another set of adults he was supposed to trust.  Would Suguru be upset at him for thinking his parents might be bad people?

 

     Megumi decides not to say anything, it’s a foolish worry after all.
Notes:

    Another chapter done! It’s crazy how many chapters this has

    Do you guys think Geto’s parents are going to like Suguru’s new little family?

Chapter 49: What Are We Going To Do?
Summary:

    For a moment, Suguru just stares at his friend, stares at the dark rings under his eyes. Satoru hasn’t expressed it, but the whole Gojo Clan thing has him on edge.

    Suguru sighs, brushing the hair out of Satoru’s face. “What are we gonna do, ‘Toru?”

Notes:

    Omg we’re back so soon? It’s a miracle

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

     Suguru looks out the window of the train, they’ll be arriving soon.  Suguru looks to Satoru and Megumi who sit across from him.  The kid is curled up beside Satoru, his head resting on his lap as he sleeps.  Satoru is out too, his head is tilted all the way back in a way that Suguru knows will hurt later.

 

     He’s glad they’re sleeping, they both always seem so tired.

 

     Suguru is so thankful to get away.  His boys needed an escape from their rather stressful lives.  He’s also thankful to Principal Yaga for pulling the strings to allow them to go.

 

     Suguru explained the situation.  He told Yaga of the Gojo Clan requesting Satoru’s presence.  Yaga seemed just as upset about the news as Shoko had been.  So, when Suguru had said he’d wanted to take the boys to his hometown for a couple of days Yaga arranged a false mission.

 

     It was a foolproof way to have the Gojo Clan not bother them.  On paper, the two of them were on a classified mission, but in reality, they’ll be enjoying the countryside in Suguru’s hometown.  And, thanks to Yaga, instead of being away for a few days they have a whole week to themselves.

 

     That gives Suguru a whole week to figure out what to do about the Gojo Clan.  Ideally, Suguru doesn’t want Satoru within a fifty-mile radius of the place, but he knows that it’s unavoidable.  Satoru has to go, the question is what’s the best way to go about it?

 

     All this thinking is making Suguru’s head spin.  He looks back to the window, the moon is full.  All the stars will be out soon.  Suguru thinks Megumi will like how bright the stars are in Nagiso.  And the best part about this, is there are practically no Curses in his hometown.

 

 

     Nanami’s phone rings as he’s cooking dinner.  Sukuna requested chicken stir fry, and he’s not about to deny a request from his picky eater.

 

      Nanami answers the phone, “hello?”

 

     “Nanami,” a feminine voice is on the other line.  “It’s Miura.”

 

     “Ah, Ms. Miura!  Everything ok?”  Nanami moves to wedge his phone in between his head and shoulder before continuing to cook.

 

     “Well, yes.”  Nanami can hear Choso talking on the other end.  “Not now, dear.  They’ve called me in for another shift at the hospital.  Normally I’d just leave Choso here-” Ms. Miura pauses, “I said not now, Choso- but apparently they’re slammed!  We haven’t even had dinner yet, and I don’t know when I’ll be back,  and he has school, and-“

 

     “It’s ok, I can watch him.”

 

      “Oh thank god, Choso!”  Nanami jumps at the sudden yell, “Go pack a bag!”  There’s a pause before Ms. Miura speaks again, “Thank you so much, I cannot thank you enough.”

 

 

     “Mom-“

 

      “I said go get your stuff.  Nanami will be here in an hour.”

 

     Choso sighs, she’s too stressed to listen to anything right now.  He goes back to his room.  He doesn’t need to pack much, Nanami has clothes for him already, so he should just bring his school stuff.

 

     Choso packs quickly, he honestly just wants to go lie down.  He isn’t feeling great and he’s not quite sure why.  His mom would know, but she’s stressed out of her mind at the moment.

 

     Once his bag is all packed he bends down to pick it up.  He ignores the spots in his vision when he stands back up.  He’ll just put this in front of the door and go lay on the couch.  Hopefully, he’ll feel better by the time Nanami gets here.

 

 

     “We’re almost there,” Suguru shakes Satoru gently.  They have to be ready to get off the train by the time they get to the stop.

 

      Satoru screws his eyes shut before opening them.  He sits up, rubbing his eyes, “are we there yet?”

 

     “Almost, the stop is about two minutes away.”  Suguru throws Megumi’s toys back in his backpack before throwing it on and grabbing his luggage.  “You grab the rest of the bags, I’ll carry Megumi.”

 

     “Kay,” Satoru shuffled around the car, still half asleep.

 

     Suguru sighs, throwing his duffle bag over his shoulder before grabbing Megumi.

 

     The kid stirs momentarily, letting out a startled whine.  He quickly settles back down and is asleep in seconds.

 

      As the train comes to a stop, Suguru grabs his best friend’s hand and leads him out of the train.  It’s a little difficult to balance Megumi on his hip while he has a bag on his shoulder and is dragging Satoru with his other hand.

 

     “Suguru!”

 

      Suguru looks over to find his mother waving excitedly from the other side of the train station.  He closes the gap between them, “Hey, mom.”

 

     “Here, let me take your bag.”

 

     Suguru happily hands her the duffle bag, finding it much easier to maneuver now that it’s not weighing him down.  “Thanks,” he pauses, adjusting Megumi on his hip.  “This is Megumi, and Satoru is still half asleep, he’ll probably reintroduce himself when he wakes up.  Sorry, I should’ve woken him up earlier, I didn’t know you’d be waiting.”

 

     “Oh, don’t apologize,” his mom waves her hand, “poor kid looks exhausted, I’d rather you let him get some rest.”

 

     Suguru knew she’d say that, “Where’s dad?”

 

     “At home,” his mother motions for him to follow, “he’ll be excited to see you.”

 

     The two of them walk side by side.  Suguru still drags Satoru behind them, his friend is clearly dead on his feet.

 

     “Thanks for letting us come, I know it was kind of last minute.”

 

      “Of course, dear.”  His mom turns to look at him, more specifically the little kid pressed against his side.  “Such a sweet little thing.  Honestly, you should’ve brought him sooner, poor boy’s hair has probably been giving him trouble for weeks.”

 

    “It’s been… hectic.”  Suguru only explained the basics of the situation.  He’d told her how Satoru had taken in Megumi after his parents had abandoned him, and how Megumi’s parents weren’t the nicest people which made things hard for Megumi.  After hearing that, his mom was practically ready to go down to the school right then to give the kid a haircut.

 

     “I can tell,” she glances back at Satoru.  “He sure is tired isn’t he?”

 

     Suguru nods, “he hasn’t really been sleeping all that well lately.”  Or at all, really, but he leaves that part out.

 

     “Well, there’s an inflatable mattress already set up in your room.  He and Megumi can go straight to bed.”

 

     That’s good, Suguru wants to get them settled in as soon as possible.

 

      They arrive at the house shortly after.  The second they open the door there’s a loud bark.

 

      His mom shushes the dog, “Champ, be quiet!”  She grabs the dog by the collar, stopping the animal from jumping on Suguru.  “I’m sorry dear, I wasn’t thinking.  I’ll lock him up before Megumi wakes up.”

 

     “No, he should be fine.  Megumi loves animals.”  Having the dog around might actually prove to be a comfort to the kid.  “I’ll go get these two settled in, I’ll be back.”

 

     Suguru doesn’t wait for a response, opting to just lead Satoru to his room.  He sets Megumi down on his bed, taking the kid's shoes off before guiding Satoru to sit on the air mattress.

 

     Suguru sighs, moving to take his friend’s jacket off.  “Honestly, what am I going to do with you?”

 

     He puts the jacket aside and plucks the glasses from his head before guiding Satoru to lie down.  Satoru’s eyes slip closed the second his head hits the pillow.

 

     For a moment, Suguru just stares at his friend, stares at the dark rings under his eyes.  Satoru hasn’t expressed it, but the whole Gojo Clan thing has him on edge.

 

      Suguru sighs, brushing the hair out of Satoru’s face.  “What are we gonna do, ‘Toru?”

 

 

      When Nanami arrives to pick up Choso the kid is passed out on the couch.

 

      “Choso, Nanami’s here,” Ms. Miura shakes Choso awake.

 

      Choso groans, sitting up before rubbing his eyes.  Nanami frowns, the kid is always pale, but for some reason, he seems even paler.

 

     Choso hops up without a word, heading towards Nanami and the door.

 

     It’s not like Choso to not greet Nanami.  Usually, the kid is very polite.  Nanami takes Choso’s backpack and throws it over his shoulder before taking the kid’s hand.

 

     “Thank you so much, I’ll call to let you know when to drop him off.”

 

     The two walk out the door and into the car parked out front.

 

     “Thanks again for driving us. Choso, this is Principal Yaga.”

 

      Yaga grumbles as he starts the car, “I cannot believe you talked me into this.  Don’t get used to this, Nanami.  I’m not a chauffeur.”

 

      “Yeah, I owe you.”  Nanami looks down when he feels a weight on his side, he finds Choso asleep leaning up against him.

 

     “What’s up with him?”  Nanami looks at Yaga, the two of them making eye contact through the rearview mirror.

 

      Nanami frowns, “I dunno.  He seems off, though.”  He puts a hand up to Choso’s forehead, “no fever.  Must be tired.”

 

 

     “So how’s school?”  His mom comes over to the table holding two mugs of tea.

 

      Suguru takes his, holding it in both hands.  The warmth seeps into his hands, making him realize how cold they are.  “It’s been fine, a little trickier to manage with everything happening.”

 

     “Well as long as you pass.  From what you’ve told me it sounds like the three of you have had an exciting school year.”

 

     Exciting wasn’t quite the word he’d use.  Suguru sighs, “I don’t know what I’m going to do with them.”  It’s been difficult being the glue holding those two together for the last few weeks.  He wouldn’t change this for anything in the world though, his boys need him.

 

     “Well, all we can do is try our best and be there for the ones who need us.”

 

 

     Choso stares at the dark-haired kid sitting at the dinner table with them.  Yu Haibara, Nanami’s friend, had apparently watched the twins while Nanami picked him up.  Guess that’s why he’s staying for dinner too.

 

     Sukuna is talking to Choso.  He tries his hardest to pay attention to his little brother, he really does, but it’s hard when he feels so crummy.  He can’t really put his finger on what exactly is wrong, Choso just feels worn down.  And cold, god was their house always this cold?  He’s chilled to the bone,  he doesn’t think he’s ever been this cold in his life.

 

      “You alright, Choso?  You’ve barely touched your food.”

 

     Choso looks to Nanami, preparing to tell him he’s fine, but he’s met with a look of such concern that lying to the man now seems impossible.  “I-“ his voice cracks and his eyes well up with tears, “No.”

 

     “What’s wrong?”

 

     Choso rubs his eyes, letting out a pathetic sob, “I don’t know, I just don’t feel good.”

 

     Nanami’s at his side, moving to put a hand to his head.

 

    Choso leans into the touch, Nanami’s so warm.

 

     “You don’t feel warm,” Nanami pulls his hand away and Choso has to hold back a whine in disapproval.  “Do you know exactly what’s wrong?”

 

     Choso doesn’t know what’s wrong, that’s the problem.  “I dunno, I feel lousy, and dizzy, and cold.”

 

     Nanami hums, “You go lay down.  I’ll go call Ieiri.”

 

     Choso happily goes to lie on the couch.  He’s not sure who Ieiri is, but he hopes she’s helpful.  He closes his eyes, maybe he can just go back to sleep.

 

     Someone pokes his cheek.  When he opens his eyes he finds Yuji holding up a blanket.”

 

     “For me?”  Choso gets a nod in response, causing him to smile, “Thank you.”

 

     “Alright, I have her on the phone, she wanted to talk to you.”  Nanami walks into the room, pressing a button before putting the phone down on the coffee table.  “You’re on speaker.”

 

    “Choso?  Hello, I’m a friend of Nanami’s.”

 

     Choso had gathered that already, “hello.”

 

     “After Nanami told me what was wrong I had a question for you.”

 

     Choso isn’t sure what that question could possibly be, did she find out what was wrong?  “What is it?”

 

     “Are you Anemic?”

 

     Right, Choso had almost forgotten about that.  His mom is usually really on top of it so it’s never really affected him before.  “Yes, is that bad?”

 

     “No!  Not at all, from what Nanami was saying it just sounded like your iron was low.  Did you take anything?”

 

    Choso shakes his head, “I’m supposed to have a pill with all my meals, but mom was really busy.”

 

     Ieiri hums on the line, “Do you have your medicine with you?”

 

     “No.”

 

       “Alright, well just eat something with a lot of iron, like meat or spinach.  Hopefully that helps.”

 

 

     Nanami couldn’t believe that was what the problem was this whole time.  Ms. Miura had mentioned the kid’s iron deficiency before, but he didn’t think that a nurse would forget about the kid’s pills.  Then again, the poor woman seemed stressed out of her wits when he’d come to pick Choso up.

 

      Nanami brings the food to Choso on the couch.  “Alright, do you want me to call your mom?”

 

     “No!”  The response was so quick and frantic, that Nanami raises an eyebrow in response.  “She’s really busy.  I don’t want her to feel bad too.  She’s trying really hard.”

 

     Nanami can understand that.  “Alright, we’ll just take it easy then.”
Notes:

    Poor Choso’s mom, she’s really trying her hardest.

    This chapter was a little tough, I was trying to bridge the last chapter and the next chapter so it was a little tricky. Hopefully you guys still enjoyed

    (Also, I know very little about anemia, so hopefully my 15 minute google search did the trick)

Chapter 50: Breakfast
Summary:

    “It’s ok, if it’s too much we can go outside.”

    Megumi frowns, that wouldn’t really be fair to Suguru. When was the last time he’d even gotten to see his parents? “No, I’m ok.”

Notes:

    Omg we’ve finally hit 50 CHAPTERS!!! This is actually crazy!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

 

 

 

     Suguru wakes up on the couch.  It’s not unusual, he’s been sleeping on the couch at Satoru’s place for a good month now, the only difference is he’s not at Jujutsu High School.

 

      Suguru stands up and stretches, he can feel the kinks and knots slowly going away as he rolls his neck and shoulders a few times.  The couch isn’t particularly the most comfortable sleeping arrangement, but he doesn’t mind.

 

     He walks to the kitchen to find his mom cooking.  She turns to him with a smile, “Good morning!  I’m making omelets, does Megumi like those?”

 

     “Yeah.”  Suguru is just glad they’re not having pancakes for once.  Megumi’s love for pancakes has caused Suguru to have a dislike for them.

 

     “Perfect, coffee’s already made in the pot.”

 

      God, Suguru didn’t realize how much he missed waking up to his mom cooking.  He goes and grabs a couple of mugs, setting one aside for when Satoru wakes up.

 

     “Suguru?”

 

    Megumi’s calling his name from the other room, “In here, Megs!”

 

    Megumi walks in a few moments later, a rather large octopus stuffed animal in hand.

 

     Suguru forgot the thing was on his bed.  “I see you found Seymour.”

 

     Megumi nods, holding the toy up to show Suguru.  “It’s a Blue Ringed Octopus.  You can tell by the markings.”

 

    “Yeah?”  Suguru bends down to look Megumi in the eye, a feeling of pure fondness blossoming in his chest.  “What else do you know about Seymour?”

 

     Megumi pauses, his face scrunches up in thought.  “Well, he has three hearts and no bones.  Oh!  And Octopi are colorblind!”

 

     Suguru’s smile grows, he loves seeing Megumi get so excited about animals.

 

     “Wow, aren’t you smart?”

 

     Suguru watches as Megumi bristles at his mother’s voice.  He pales, pulling the octopus close to his chest.  “Hello.”

 

     Suguru frowns at the sudden change of attitude.

 

     His mom however doesn’t seem to take it to heart.  She merely smiles at the kid.  “It’s nice to meet you, Megumi.  I’m  Suguru’s mother.”

 

     Suguru watches Megumi scoot closer to him.  “Nice to meet you, ma’am,” his voice is small, it makes Suguru’s chest hurt.

 

     Suguru decides to divert the kid’s attention.  He scoops him up, placing Megumi on his hip before continuing to talk.  “Is Satoru still asleep?”

 

     Megumi nods before resting his head on Suguru’s shoulder.  “He must be tired.”

 

     Suguru hums in agreement, it’s been a while since Satoru’s slept in.  “We’ll let him sleep.  Mom is making omelets, what did you want on yours?”

 

     Megumi worries his lip.  It’s something Suguru’s noticed he does a lot, especially when nervous or upset.  “Maybe cheese?  And bell peppers?”

 

     “Coming right up!”

 

 

     Choso wakes up feeling better.  Not quite at one hundred percent, but still leagues better from how he felt last night.

 

     He heads to the kitchen.  Finding the other three all there.  Sukuna and Yuji sit at the table, swinging their legs as they wait for Nanami to finish cooking.

 

     “Morning,” Choso shuffles in, moving to join the twins at the table.

 

     “Choso!  Are you feeling better?”  Nanami doesn’t look over at him, too focused on not burning the food on the stove.

 

      “Yeah.”

 

      “That’s good.  Your mom called last night.”  She did?  Choso hopes that she’s doing ok, she tends to neglect herself when work is busy.  “I told her about how you weren’t feeling good.”

 

      Choso frowns, “what did she say?”  He’s hoping that she didn’t start blaming herself, after all, he could’ve remembered too.

 

     “She said that she wanted you to skip school and just take it easy.  She says it takes a couple of doses after missing one to start feeling a hundred percent so she just wants you to relax.”

 

     Choso is a little relieved, it’s hard for his mom to take off work, so more often than not he just has to tough it out.  He’s glad he doesn’t have to this time.

 

     “That means we can play all day!”  Sukuna’s excited voice rings in Choso’s ears, “Too bad Megumi’s away, he lives really close.  We could’ve all played together.”

 

     “Well, you boys still have to let Choso take it easy.”  Nanami comes over, plates in hand.  He sets the food in front of them.  “You like bacon and eggs, Choso?”

 

     Choso nods, he doesn’t have bacon very often.  Usually, something so expensive would be saved for special occasions.  “Thank you.”

 

     “Of course.”  Nanami ruffles Choso’s hair, “You boys eat.  I’m just going to be in the other room working on schoolwork.  Let me know if you need anything.”

 

 

     Megumi sits in Suguru’s lap, sipping his hot chocolate as he eyes Suguru’s mom warily.  She seems ok, for now.  Megumi can’t really be so sure, she’s been nice and patient, but adults can be complicated.

 

     His mom was nice too, she was kind to Megumi and took care of him, but she’d always make excuses for his dad.  She would lie, whether or not she believed the excuses she spewed was debatable.  Anytime he’s reminded of that, the kind image of his mother is distorted, and a twisted feeling of betrayal buries itself in Megumi’s gut.

 

     Suguru’s mom doesn’t seem to be like that, and Megumi knows that Suguru wouldn’t let her treat him poorly.  So really, he needs to just relax.

 

     “Alright, breakfast is ready!”  Mrs. Geto places the plates in front of them.  Megumi’s omelet was decorated with a ketchup smiley face.

 

     “Where’s dad?”  Suguru moves Megumi so that he’s sitting off to the side rather than in the middle of Suguru’s lap.

 

     “He should be up soon, he had a long day at work last night.”  Mrs. Geto sits down with them, a coffee and her breakfast in hand.

 

     Megumi eats his omelet.  He’s not really up to talking so he’ll listen instead.

 

     “The winter festival is going on right now.  I’m sure Megumi would like it.”

 

     Suguru hums, “Not a bad idea.  I’ll bring it up with Satoru when he wakes up.”

 

     A festival?  Megumi’s never been to one of those before.  He turns to face Suguru and tugs on his sleeve.  “What do you do at a festival?”

 

     Suguru smiles at Megumi, he pushes the kid’s hair back.  “Well, there’s food and games and even some rides.  We’ll just have to go.”

 

     Megumi giggles softly when Suguru places a kiss to his forehead.

 

     Everything is perfect, for a moment, Megumi forgets all about Suguru’s parents and the stress they were causing him.

 

     But then a gruff unfamiliar voice comes from somewhere out of Megumi’s field of vision, and that’s all it takes for reality to come crashing back down.

 

     Megumi flinches violently, moving to bury his face in Suguru’s chest.

 

     “Megs?”  Suguru’s hand is on Megumi’s back.

 

     “What’s with him?”

 

      “I think you scared him, Dad.”  Suguru begins to rub circles into Megumi’s back.

 

     “Scare him?  I didn’t even do anything!”

 

     Megumi feels bad, Suguru’s dad hadn’t meant to startle him.  He had just caught Megumi off guard is all.

 

      “I know, Dad.  It’s complicated.”  Suguru pauses, “I did have a feeling you might make him skittish.”

 

     “Me?!  Why me?  I didn’t do anything!”

 

     Megumi listens as Suguru explains.  He doesn’t go into detail, just giving his parents enough information to understand why Megumi is the way he is.

 

     “Oh yeah, your mother did try explaining it to me.  I did think it was weird you were bringing some kid up here.”

 

      Megumi can hear Mrs. Geto begin to scold her husband for ignoring her explanation.  He takes this opportunity to poke his head out and get a good look at the man who just walked in.

 

     Suguru’s dad is big, tall, and muscular for a man his age.  His hair was black, like his son’s, but his was cut short.  Megumi thinks he would’ve looked intimidating if it weren’t for the sheepish expression he wore as his wife tore through him.

 

     “Hey,” Megumi looks up at Suguru, finding his eyes on him.  “You ok?”

 

     Megumi nods, “I’m sorry.”

 

     “It’s ok, if it’s too much we can go outside.”

 

     Megumi frowns, that wouldn’t really be fair to Suguru.  When was the last time he’d even gotten to see his parents?  “No, I’m ok.”

 

     “Alright, just let me know if that changes, ok?”

 

 

      This show Yuji likes is…interesting.  Now, admittedly, Choso’s not really paying attention, but there’s a spy and some really weird bad guys.  But if Yuji’s happy he doesn’t mind

 

     Choso feels bad they can’t really go outside and play like Sukuna wants.  It’s not that he doesn’t want to, but he’s still a little tired, and running around doesn’t sound like a good idea.

 

     Sukuna groans, letting his puzzle piece fall to the floor.  “What’s the point of this stupid thing?!”

 

     “If they were easy then they’d be no fun.”  Choso puts his piece in its respective spot.

 

     “But it’s too hard,” Sukuna huffs, clearly frustrated.

 

     Choso frowns, he wants his brothers to have fun too.  And, now looking at it the puzzle probably is too hard for a four-year-old.  “We can play a board game instead.”

 

     “Good idea!  I’ll go ask Nanami for one!”  Sukuna runs out of the room before Choso can even suggest a game.  He must’ve really hated that puzzle.

 

 

     Satoru wakes up with a chill in his bones.  Why is it so cold up in the mountains?

 

     He stands up, shuffling out of the room.  He’s still tired and groggy, but he can’t go back to sleep.

 

     “Just tap it on the side like that.”  Suguru’s voice travels across the house.  “Gently, we don’t want it getting everywhere.”

 

     Satoru follows the voice, shuffling his bare feet across the floor until he finds his two boys standing in front of a mixing bowl.

 

     Megumi holds an egg in each hand, even with the step stool he has to stand on his tiptoes. Order to see properly.

 

     Suguru stands behind him, hands guiding Megumi on what to do.  He smiles, looking at Megumi with nothing such fondness and care that it makes Satoru’s heart swell.

 

     Satoru slides into the kitchen.  He silently creeps behind Suguru before resting his head on his friend’s shoulder.  “G’morning.”

 

     Suguru moves to run a hand through Satoru’s hair.  “Morning, how did you sleep?”

 

     “Good,” and this time, it wasn’t a lie.  Satoru has managed to sleep the entire night uninterrupted.  A small miracle if you asked him.  “What are you making?”

 

     “Shortcake!  Suguru says that his family makes it every year for the Winter Festival!”

 

     “A winter festival?”  Satoru moves to stand beside the two.  He glances at Megumi before turning to Suguru.  “You didn’t tell me there was a festival going on.”

 

     “Of course I didn’t, you just woke up.”  Suguru hands Megumi a spoon to mix with before continuing.  “It started a few days ago.”

 

      “If you boys do go out be sure to stop by at Ms. Suzume’s.”  Satoru startles at the sudden voice, turning to meet an older woman.

 

     She smiles at Satoru, and there’s no doubt in his mind that this is Suguru’s mother.  Her eyes are kind of like his, and they share the same color.  “I’m sorry, dear.  Did I scare you?”

 

     “No, not at all,” he was a little embarrassed.  People aren’t supposed to be able to sneak up on him with his eyes.  What’s with him lately?  “It’s nice to meet you, ma’am.  My name is Satoru.”

 

     “It’s very nice to finally meet you.  Sugu has told me so much about you!”

 

     Satoru can hear his friend grumbling about the use of the nickname.

 

      “Did you want something to eat, Satoru?  I can make you an omelet.”

 

     “I don’t wanna bother you, Mrs. Geto.”  Satoru doesn’t mind waiting till they go out to get something to eat, after all, everyone else has probably already eaten.

 

     Mrs. Geto, however, waves him off.  “Nonsense!  It’s no problem!  There should be some coffee still in the pot, you three have fun, I’ll only be a minute.”

 

     “Thank you,” Satoru tries not to let his surprise show, but it’s hard to keep the disbelief out of his voice.  He can’t think of a time when an adult has been so kind to him.

 

     “Dad!”  Satoru turns to find Megumi holding out the spoon to him, “It’s your turn!”

 

     Satoru smiles, coming over to take the spoon to stir the batter.

 

     “Suguru says we have to mix in the ingredients a little at a time.”

 

     “Are you sure you want him helping?  Toru has a habit of ruining every dish he touches.”  There’s a teasing lilt to Suguru’s voice.

 

     “Hey!”  Satoru feigns offense, but there’s a smile on his face.

 

    “It’s ok.  He’s had practice.”

 

     “Thank you, Megumi.  At least you have my back!”

 

     “He’s not that horrible anymore.”

 

     “Hey!”

 

 
Notes:

    Dang, I didn’t realize how little the twins were in this one. What happened was I had such a clear idea of what Megumi and them were doing and I just got stuck with everything else. I will make up for it in the next chapter tho, promise!

Chapter 51: Carousel
Summary:

    Megumi squeals in delight when the carousel begins to spin. His horse goes up and down and the breeze the ride causes bites at his ears and cheeks. It’s fun, he holds the reins tightly as he tilts his head back and laughs.

    The world swirls together in a painting of colors and lights and Megumi feels so light that he thinks he could fly.

Notes:

    I’m back, sorry to leave you all hanging, school and Christmas got very busy

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

     Megumi’s never seen so many happy people in one place before.  There are all different types of people, all dressed in colorful attire.  Some are walking and just admiring the festivities, but others are on rides, playing games, or getting food.  It’s a wonderful sight, and Megumi has the perfect view from atop Suguru’s shoulders.

 

     “So,” Megumi looks down at Satoru, most of his face now covered by the scarf that Suguru forced around his neck.  “What do you wanna do first, Gremlin?”

 

     Megumi isn’t sure.  He doesn’t even know what any of this stuff is.  “I- uh- I don’t know.”  He worries his bottom lip, thinking. “What do you like to do first?”

 

     “I always like getting a snack!”

 

     Suguru sighs, “Satoru, you just ate.  Why don’t we start on the carousel?”

 

     Megumi frowns, “a carrot-sell?”

 

     “It’s carousel, Megs,” Suguru corrects him.

 

     “What’s a carousel?”  Megumi breaks up the word, making an effort to say the right thing this time.

 

     “You’ll see.”

 

      

     “Go fish, Choso!”

 

     Choso sighs, picking up what has to be his tenth card in a row.  He was so sure that Sukuna would have the card he needed.

 

     It’s Yuji’s turn next.  It took some adjusting to get used to playing with someone who can’t really speak, but Choso’s gotten the hang of it.

 

     Yuji puts his deck down before turning to him.  He sticks his hands out in front of him before moving them further from each other.  Then he makes two Ls with his hands, bringing one up to his forehead and then down to his other.

 

      Choso isn’t quite sure what it means, but Nanami told him it’s a placeholder for his name and that’s all he really needs to know.

 

     Yuji picks up his deck again, he shuffles through them for a moment, clearly trying to find the one he was looking for.  Once he finds it, he turns the card over to show Choso.

 

     A seven, how Yuji manages to get it right every time Choso has no idea.  He hands the cards over.

 

      Yuji looks rather pleased with himself as he sets his pair of sevens aside.

 

      It’s Choso’s turn now, he hums, thinking of who he could ask.  “Nanami, do you have any threes?”

 

     “Go fish.”

 

      Choso sighs, they’ve played a few rounds already and he still hasn’t managed to win.  That’s ok though, he’s just enjoying his time with his brothers.  He’d lose every single game of it meant he got to see his brothers’ proud expressions when they won.  That’s worth losing every time.

 

 

     Nothing could top the expression on Megumi’s face right now.

 

      Megumi’s eyes shine with amazement at the colorful horses that spin in front of them.  “Is that a Carousel?”

 

     Satoru’s heart swells at Megumi’s soft voice.  “Did you wanna ride it?”

 

     Megumi turns to look at him.  “I can go on it?”  There’s an excitement to his tone and eagerness that wasn’t there a moment ago.

 

     “Sure can.  I’ll go get some tickets.”

 

 

     Megumi stares at the carousel from atop Suguru’s shoulders.  He can’t wait for Satoru to come back with the tickets.  “Are you gonna ride on it too, Suguru?”

 

    Suguru chuckles, “Sure, only if you want me to, Demon.”

 

     “It’s so cool!  How many horses are there?!”

 

     “I don’t know, thirty maybe?  I’m surprised you’ve never seen one before.”

 

     Megumi can’t believe it either, he wish he’d come across this amazing thing so much sooner.  “You think Satoru has the tickets yet?”

 

    “Not yet, the line is usually long.  It shouldn’t take much longer though.”

 

     Megumi wishes he could come back now.  He doesn’t want to wait.

 

     “How are you liking it here?  Are you having fun?”

 

     “Yeah,” Megumi rests his head on top of Suguru’s.  “Your mom seems… ok.”

 

     Suguru hums, “just ok?”

 

     Megumi shrugs, “I dunno.  She’s nice, it’s just-“ he sighs, he’s not sure how to really explain it.  “It’s hard to explain.”

 

     “I get it.  Hard to really get used to her when you’ve only just met her.”

 

     Megumi hums, that’s part of it, but for the most part, it’s not really his mom’s fault.  “Kinda.  I hope your parents aren’t mad at me.  I don’t want to be scared of them,” Megumi’s voice is small.  He’s ashamed, here the Getos were, letting Satoru and him stay in their home and being nothing but kind, and Megumi was scared of them simply because they were adults?  Even he knows it’s ridiculous.

 

     Suguru’s grip on Megumi’s ankles tightens slightly, “they’re not upset with you, Megs.  No one is upset with you.  You’re being very brave and I’m so proud of you.”

 

     Megumi chews on his lip.  He doesn’t feel very brave, he feels pathetic.  “How can you be proud when I’m still scared,” his voice breaks, Suguru shouldn’t be proud, he should be upset with him.

 

    “Because you’re trying so hard.  And pushing yourself even though it’s scary.  I’m so, so proud, Megs.”

 

     Megumi’s chest tightens involuntarily.  It’s been months now, but he’s still not used to being loved like this.  And with Suguru in the mix, he’s loved twice as much, Megumi’s not sure he can handle so much love at one time.

 

     Does Suguru know how immensely grateful Megumi is to have him in his life?  Does he have any idea just how much the four-year-old loves him?  “I love you.”

 

     Megumi can feel Suguru stiffen for a moment.  He isn’t sure if he’s ever told Suguru that he loves him.  He’s told Satoru countless times, but he doesn’t think he’s really told Suguru.

 

     “I love you too, Megs.”

 

 

     “I’m back!”  Satoru waves the tickets in his hand.  He’d bought a comical amount, but he wanted to make sure Megumi could do everything he wanted, and that ticket line was long so he figured he’d just buy them all then.

 

      He heads to the two sitting at a bench.  Megumi pulls away from Suguru before hopping down to meet him.  “Let’s go!”

 

     Satoru lets Megumi pull him and Suguru to the Carousel line.  It makes him happy to see the kid so excited about something.

 

      A gangly teenager is waiting for them at the end of the line, he wears a bored expression on his face as he takes their tickets.

 

     Megumi runs ahead to a white horse that has an intricate blue floral saddle.  He looks up at the horse, before turning back to Satoru and Suguru.

 

     Satoru gives Megumi a grin, “need help?”

 

     Megumi nods before reaching for him expectedly.

 

      Satoru helps Megumi get situated on the horse, making sure he’s got a good grip before stepping back.

 

     Megumi turns to him and smiles.  The sight melts Satoru’s heart.

 

     He pulls out his camera, “Let me take a picture.”

 

     Megumi groans but still shifts his gaze to the camera anyway.

 

     Once Satoru snaps the photo he stuffs the camera back in his coat pocket before getting onto the horse next to him.  He doesn’t bother to check the photo, he knows that it’ll be perfect no matter how the picture turns out.

 

 

     Megumi squeals in delight when the carousel begins to spin.  His horse goes up and down and the breeze the ride causes bites at his ears and cheeks.  It’s fun, he holds the reins tightly as he tilts his head back and laughs.

 

     The world swirls together in a painting of colors and lights and Megumi feels so light that he thinks he could fly.

 

     He’s a little sad when the ride comes to a stop, but he’s eager to see what other fun things there are at a festival.  He swings a leg over, getting ready to hop down.

 

     “Hey, hold on there, Megs!”  Suguru catches him just as Megumi is pushing off the horse.  He moves to have Megumi on his hip.  “You could get hurt.  Then our fun would be over.”

 

     Megumi supposes he’s right, “What else can we do!?  Can we ride the carousel again!?”

 

     “Why don’t we do something else first, kiddo?  There’s lots to do.”  Suguru starts to take them toward the ride’s exit.

 

     “There’s lots of stalls,” Satoru follows his hands stuffed in his coat.  “We could walk around and see if anything looks interesting.”

 

     “What’s at a stall?”

 

     “All sorts of things, they’re like little stores.”

 

     “Satoru just likes buying little knickknacks that he doesn’t really need.”  There’s some annoyance there, like Suguru talks from experience.

 

 

     Yuji is really glad that Choso’s here.  He really likes his older brother.

 

     “Alright, boys, lunch is ready!”  Nanami calls from the kitchen.

 

      Yuji heads over.  It’s one of the rare occasions where he’s actually hungry for once, so he better act on it quick before his appetite disappears.

 

     Nanami has used the leftover bacon from breakfast to make BLTs with some veggies on the side.

 

     Yuji digs in, eager to eat since he’s hungry.

 

     Nanami ruffles his hair.  “Don’t forget to chew, Bug.”

 

     Yuji nods, slowing down a touch.  Nanami’s right, choking would probably be bad for his appetite.

 

      Yuji can hear the other two talking amongst themselves.  He would join too, but he needs his hands for eating, so it would be a bit tedious to try and comment.

 

     He wishes that he could talk, life would be so much easier if he could.  Yuji’s lost count of the amount of conversations he didn’t join because it was just too difficult to join in.

 

     “Boys, after lunch I figured we could go to the park down the road and get some fresh air.  How does that sound?”

 

     Yuji nods, that sounds like fun.  Games like tag didn’t need him to talk, which he liked.

 

     He’s excited now.  Yuji likes when the pressure of conversation is gone.

 

    Though, he knows there’s not much pressure to talk normally, not really.  Nanami and Sukuna make sure that he knows that he doesn’t need to push himself and that it’s ok.  The only person putting pressure on him is himself.

 

     He’s gotten better with it.  He doesn’t get nearly as mad at himself then he has at the start, but he still sometimes pushes himself harder.  He’ll practice by himself a lot, sounding out all the letters and trying out some of the simple exercises and words he does with Nanami while he stands in front of the mirror.

 

     All this practicing hasn’t done him any good, but Nanami says he just has to keep working on it.  So, Yuji is confident his hard work will eventually pay off.

 

 

     Suguru is glad that they went to the festival, solely because of the look on Megumi’s face.

 

     They’re looking at the stands, there’s a bit of everything, from food to toys.

 

     Megumi walks up to every stall, his curiosity getting the better of him.  Suguru’s not sure if it’s because of this curiosity, but his anxiety around meeting new adults seems to practically disappear.

 

     “You made all of these?”  Megumi’s voice is quiet as he speaks to the sweet-looking old lady at the booth.

 

     “Yes, I carved all of the designs myself.”  The woman smiles and Suguru is just so thankful that everyone Megumi’s had the courage to talk to has been kind and patient with him.

 

     “What are they?”

 

      “They’re charms, they’re meant to protect you and bring you luck.”

 

     Megumi looks down at the small wooden carvings in awe.  Eventually, his gaze stops at one and he goes to tug on Satoru’s jacket.  “Dad, look, It’s a wolf!”

 

     Suguru follows Megumi’s gaze to see a necklace with the smallest wooden wolf he’s ever laid his eyes on.

 

     Megumi looks up at Satoru, “can I-“ he stops himself, suddenly looking very guilty.  “Never mind.”

 

     Suguru frowns, Satoru mentioned once the kid had a hard time when it came to asking for things he wanted.  It’s the main reason why Satoru will usually just buy something if Megumi shows an interest in it.

 

     Satoru smiles, ruffling the kid’s hair.  “We’ll take it.”

 

     They walk some more, Megumi fiddles with his new necklace as they walk.

 

     Suguru finally takes the time to look at the festival, actually look at it.  All this time he’d been so focused on Megumi, on his excitement that he’d forgotten to look around.

 

     It’s the same as he remembered.  He’s not surprised, nothing changes in his hometown, but everything to the location of the pretzel stand is the same.  He probably could close his eyes and lead the other two through the stands with ease.  The familiarity brings a warm feeling, one associated with the fond memories of this place.

 

    “Suguru Geto?”  Suguru looks to the side to find a familiar figure standing behind a booth.

 

     Suguru breaks out in a grin, “Katashi Sato!”  He waves, heading over to the stand.  “What are you doing here?”

 

     “I could ask you the same question!  Didn’t you go to Tokyo, the hell are you doing all the way back here?”

 

     “Just visiting.”  Megumi decides to tug on Suguru’s sleeve, “Oh, Katashi, this is my friend, Satoru Gojo and Megumi.  Satoru, Megs, this is Katashi Sato, we’ve been friends since grade school.”

 

    “Hello, sir.”  Megumi’s eyes wander to the colorful ornate masks that cover Katashi’s stand.  “Did you make these?”

 

     Katashi, to his credit, does not react or inquire about who exactly the small child is, and for that, Suguru is extremely grateful.  “Yep!”

 

     There’s a pause from Megumi, Suguru looks over to find the kid hesitant.  Suguru’s spent enough time with the kid to know he’s working up to courage to ask something he thinks he should already know the answer to.  “What are they?”

 

     “They’re masks!  You never seen a mask, Little Dude?”

 

    Megumi shakes his head, scooting slightly closer to Suguru.

 

     The kid’s embarrassed, Suguru can tell.  It took some time for Megumi to figure out that he and Satoru wouldn’t fault him or judge him for not knowing something.  They understand that, up until now, Megumi didn’t have much of a life outside of the Jujutsu world.

 

     The fact that he asked a complete stranger one of these questions, albeit quietly surprises Suguru.  And he’s so proud.   His chest swells, and he can’t help but smile.

 

     “This is his first time at a festival,” Suguru decides it would be best to clarify things.  He wants to encourage Megumi to push himself in small ways like this.  He’d hate for Megumi’s experience to be ruined by something so small as being embarrassed.

 

     Katashi looks as if Suguru had told him the greatest news ever.  “You’re joking!  Well, you’ve come to the right place!”  He spreads his arms out, “This is the greatest festival in all of Japan!  No, all the world!”  He turns around, grabbing something off the table, “and I happen to be the greatest mask maker in the whole universe!”  He turns around, a painted fox mask covering his face.

 

    Megumi leans back in surprise, but to Suguru’s surprise, he finds the kid smiling instead of anxious.

 

     Katashi lifts the mask, smiling at Megumi.  “Well, what do you think?”

 

     “They’re nice.”

 

     “Very nice, glad to see your carving skills have improved since the last time I saw you.”

 

     “Oh come on, Suguru I was not that bad.”

 

      “Not that bad?  After we’d stolen my father's tools you’d somehow managed to cut me.   Never in my life have I heard of a carving knife flying out of someone’s hand.”

 

     Katashi waves his hand, “It was your fault and you know it.”

 

      The two continue chatting for a few more minutes.  When Suguru glances back at Megumi finding the kid staring at a black and white wolf mask on the table.

 

     Suguru can see why the kid would like that particular mask.  The white wolf with the black designs painted onto it is very reminiscent of Megumi’s own Demon Dogs.

 

     Katashi seems to notice as well.  “You wanna try it on, Little Dude?”

 

     “I can?”  Megumi breaks his staring contest with the mask to look at them, there’s an excited look in his eyes.

 

     “Sure, as long as Suguru’s alright with it.”

 

     Suguru looks to Satoru for confirmation.  His friend’s been pretty quiet this whole time, most likely giving Suguru the chance to talk with his old friend.

 

     Satoru nods, a smile on his face as he turns his attention to an excited Megumi.

 

     Suguru helps Megumi tie the mask on, making sure it’s secure on his head before taking a step back to admire the kid.

 

     “You look very cool, Little Dude.”  Katashi holds a hand mirror up for Megumi to see.

 

     Megumi stares at his reflection, a small hand coming up to his face to trace the designs that have been etched and painted into the wood.

 

     Megumi turns to look at Suguru, his eyes shining through the holes in the mask.  Suguru’s heart gives an involuntary squeeze.  He absolutely loves this kid to pieces, Suguru would do just about anything to make sure that look of excitement and pure joy stays on Megumi’s face forever.  “How much?”

 

     “On the house.”

 

     Suguru turns to Katashi in disbelief, “You probably spent hours making that.”

 

     Katashi nods, “And he loves that mask more than anyone I would’ve sold it to.  Take it.”

 

     Suguru looks back to Megumi, who’s back to staring at the mask through the mirror.  “Thank you.”

 

     Megumi turns to Suguru, “I’m a wolf!”

 

     Suguru smiles, “more like a pup.”  He ruffles Megumi’s hair affectionately, “C’mon, Pup let’s go get some food.”
Notes:

    New nickname unlocked? This chapter was tough to write, I knew what I wanted to happen but I had a hard time wording it. I think it turned out super cute. I’m realizing a lot of it is from Geto’s POV. It wasn’t intentional, but I think it’s nice to get to see a little more from his perspective, especially since it’s his hometown.

    Hope everyone had a nice holiday season!

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Bookmark Comments (533) 

Kudos

sinclipse, wompwompintheswampswamp, Ethitany, NyadNya, Brunettes_Distraction, Secret_H, NanRay, cutestpixieyoueversaw, icedmountaindew, mirsheb_kote, eichiluvvu, Layna_kuro_13, AuthorUnknown02, Smokeringsanddeadkings, Lin_Shion, dolphinman, antibinary, rumidumi, princessreach, AnalystUnderTheBed, Pliznotme, FuyuRxses, yabbeee, Lightning_blast777, BearCrossX, WindWolf97, Notmaincharacter, zhinos221, Gemwalde, Helo14, ripdata, LemonBoba, Nonamemember, Destiellover34, Lokiromanova, Sun_Wu_Kong, XCZR, UKMoomin, strawberrygumdrop, Jaejoonghanhan, itsonlyforthebrave28, Winx2413, Kuroosfuture, belk18, januarysunshine13, moonysvhstapes, Lyrithhhh, i_read_to_escape_from_reality, Luckymeeee, silverfang22, and 1909 more users as well as 2086 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment
Comment as fictionfruit

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    Customize
        Default
        Low Vision Default
        Reversi
        Snow Blue
    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.404.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

