

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

Log In

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: arthur merlin words>1000 sort:hits 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Comments Share Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        General Audiences 

Archive Warning:

        Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings 

Category:

        Gen 

Fandoms:

        Batman - All Media TypesDCU 

Relationships:

        Tim Drake & Dick Grayson & Jason Todd & Bruce Wayne & Damian WayneDick Grayson & Bruce WayneJason Todd & Bruce WayneTim Drake & Bruce WayneBruce Wayne & Damian WayneDick Grayson & Jason ToddDick Grayson & Damian WayneTim Drake & Jason ToddJason Todd & Damian WayneTim Drake & Damian WayneTim Drake & Dick GraysonAlfred Pennyworth & Bruce WayneAlfred Pennyworth & Jason ToddDick Grayson & Alfred PennyworthAlfred Pennyworth & Damian WayneTim Drake & Alfred PennyworthBarbara Gordon & Bruce WayneBarbara Gordon & Alfred PennyworthBarbara Gordon & Jason ToddBarbara Gordon & Tim DrakeBarbara Gordon & Dick GraysonJim Gordon & Bruce WayneBarbara Gordon & Jim Gordon 

Characters:

        Tim DrakeBruce WayneAlfred PennyworthJason ToddDick GraysonDamian WayneJoker (DCU)ScarecrowHarleen QuinzelBarbara GordonJim Gordon (DCU) 

Additional Tags:

        Bruce Wayne Tries to Be a Good ParentBruce Wayne is BatmanBruce Wayne TriesJason Todd is Not Red HoodJason Todd is Not RobinTim Drake Needs a HugTim Drake Gets a HugTim Drake is Not RobinTim Drake is Not Red RobinAdopted Jason ToddAdopted Tim DrakeTim Drake Has PTSDDick Grayson is a TalonDick Grayson is Not NightwingDick Grayson is Not RobinMute Tim DrakeDamian Wayne is Not RobinDamian Wayne is Bad at FeelingsBruce Wayne is adoption addictBruce wayne loves his kidsJason Todd Has Anger IssuesJason Todd and Tim Drake are closeJason Todd is matureTim Drake was ALMOST Joker JuniorDick Grayson is a Ray of SunshineDick Grayson is cluelessDick Grayson Has PTSDDamian Wayne is an Al GhulDamian Wayne Tries to Be a Good SiblingDamian Wayne is a bit cluelessAlfred is Bruce's Parental figureMy First FanficBarbara is a kidMinor Character DeathIt’s Batman what do you expectJason Todd is a MenaceBarbara Gordon Is a MenaceGood Parent Jim GordonGood Police Officer Jim Gordon 

Language:
    English 
Series:
    Part 1 of To Start a Batfam Next Work →, Part 1 of Alternate Universe Batfam Shenanigans Next Work → 
Stats:

    Published:
        2023-10-27
    Updated:
        2025-03-21
    Words:
        71,281
    Chapters:
        56/?
    Comments:
        373
    Kudos:
        624
    Bookmarks:
        183
    Hits:
        29,034

To Start a Batfam
BlueberryDanish
Summary:

    A young Batman, just starting out, was suddenly blasted into another Batman's universe. During this time he discovered the other Batman's family. Bruce developed a sudden longing and decided that he indeed was going to get a family. And anyone should know when Bruce puts his mind to something not even the barriers of universe can stop him.

Notes:

    Inspired by Robins and Other Flightless Birds by Ionaperidot

    Hello!! This is HEAVILY inspired off of the fanfic "Robin's and other flightless birds" so please go check out that story if you like this or even if you don't like my story, please just go check it out. Also I'm sorry for any errors this is my first fanfic!

(See the end of the work for more notes.)
Chapter 1: The start of it all
Chapter Text

Universe travel wasn't something that seemed possible let alone, the possibility of them even existing. So, no, when he was blasted into look-a-like Gotham he didn't assume it was an alternate universe. In fact he thought it was the same gotham. That was until he ran into…well himself.

 

The other Batman however, didn't seem as alarmed as him. "What were you doing before you got here?'

 

"Excuse me? Why should I tell you?"

 

" Another stubborn one, why do you all have to be like this?" The other Batman murmured under his breath. "Look, you're going to have to trust me for a moment . I'm trying to get you back home."

 

"This is my home."

 

"Oh…you don't know yet. Good, I caught you at the right time."

 

Bruce shifted into a defense stance, "What are you talking about?"

 

The other Batman sighed. "Look, you're in an alternate universe."

 

 "That can't be true." 

 

"Tell me what month it is."

 

 "Month? It's October, I don't understand how that's important though."

 

The other Batman took out his phone. On it was a calendar which showed the month July. It was weird but he could've just changed the date on his phone. He's seen it before, just not so far. "Look I'm sure you want to get back to your Gotham, I can do that."

 

He was still suspicious but he decided to entertain the idea of the alternate universe. "How?" 

 

"As long as you follow me."

 

Against all his better judgment Bruce followed the other Batman. Of course he was still suspicious of him but while this could be a big set up, he could tell this place actually was different from his Gotham, and it was in the most random places. If the villain really wanted to sell the whole "Alternate universe" thing he probably would've tried to change bigger things rather than the location of the grocery store, and a couple house addresses. But the thing that really sold Bruce on this was the sky, it was clear blue with the yellow sun shining. This was crime alley, (as he had deduced due to the vandalism and abundance of homeless people) it was infamous for it's cloudy dark sky. 

 

While the villain could've intended for this to convince him. There was no way someone could change the sky, it was unheard of. 

 

The place the other Batman took him to was the batcave, it looked similar to his actual one. The main difference though, was the child at the computer. There was a child- not just any child, a child in costume. 

 

 "Found another one?" The kid don't even look up. The other Batman just nodded. The kid sighed. "Does he know anything?" Bruce shook his head. "I'll do it, Robin got suspended again."

 

"Fighting again?" The kid nodded. The other Batman grimaced. "Hospital?" 

 

 "Yep" The kid popped his lips on the "p".

 

"Alright I'll speak with him." 

 

Just before the other Batman went up the stairs Bruce stopped him as yuh realization dawned on him. "You have kids?"

 

The other Batman gave him a weird look. "You don't?" 




 The kid's name was Red Robin, while it clearly wasn't his real name he refused to reveal it. He explained that right now he was in another universe. In each universe there was a slight or major difference. So if something happened in this world it wouldn't necessarily have to happen in his world. This is what made universe travel dangerous. For all you could know you could be going into an apocalypse situation. Red Robin suspected this may be what the villain was trying to do to him. However he explained that their universe was known as an open universe. This meant their universe was easy to travel to and if you put in random coordinates you were most likely to travel here. Closed universes were universes which you had almost no chance to travel back to, which is why he needed to know details of his world.




Red Robin then introduced him the program called EYNTKAU, or everything you need to know about universes…. it didn’t even have program in the name. Bruce had to admit  no one other than a Bruce could've made this name.While he wasn't completely sold on the universe idea, there was no denying the other Batman definitely came up with this name.

 

He was often told and told again how horrible his naming skills were. When you make something it has to connect to the main brand right? So it was surprising to Bruce when Alfred was so disappointed looking when he was giving him a tour of the batcave. While Bruce was smart he wasn’t necessarily creative, especially with names.

 

"Ya…it's bad isn't it…" Red Robin said.  

 

Bruce nodded.

 

"Honestly I would rather be caught dead than using a stupid name like that," Bruce grimaced wondering if that's how Alfred felt. "So I usually use 'The Batverse Program' instead. Especially because it's hooked up to other Batmen's computers. Basically what it does is it monitors other universes and everything that is documented in that universe (digitally). All the info will be sent to the program. However if the universe doesn't have anything recorded digitally then there's no way of getting information unless you go there. The program takes all digital stuff like, sent messages, posts, news articles, videos, government records, ect. Basically anything  that is kept on the internet and sends it to the program."

 

"Is there a way to transfer this to my batcomputer?"  Bruce inquired

 

Red Robin was a bit surprised but then relaxed. "Ya there is, usually the Bruce's don't ask for it and just attempt making it on their own."

 

"Why work harder when you can work smarter." 

 

"Ha! Batman says that exact same thing- well my Batman. I guess it's a popular old people saying."

 

"I'm really not that old."

 

"Sureeee you Batmen were born in the 1900's anyone born then are old."

 

"I'm only in my 20's…" 

 

"20's really? What are you just started out as Batman or something."

 

Bruce wasn't one to feel ashamed but the way he worded it just made him break eye contact. 

 

"Wait- are you actually just starting out?" 

 

Bruce nodded, still looking away.

 

"Oh, oh gosh," Red Robin seemed to by looking at him more closely now. "I haven't meet such a young Batman- I mean I've met a young baby Bruce but not Batman. Wait-" Red Robin said, catching his mistake, "You are Bruce right?" Bruce nodded. "Thank goodness I thought I just revealed my Batman's identity."

 

"Are there other Batman that aren't Bruce?" Bruce asked, this caught him off guard because he thought every Batman was a Bruce. But now that he thought about it, if this alternate universe thing is really real there would probably be infinite universes.

 

"Well ya, not in every universe you're Batman. There's infinite universes out there, there can't really be infinite possibilities if you HAVE to be Batman in all of them." Red Robin said, confirming his thoughts.

 

Red Robin sighed, "Anyways we should get you back now. It takes an hour to start up the teleporter so you will probably be here for a bit. Could you tell me about your world?" While Bruce was still slightly suspicious he went along with Red Robin's words, he earned a bit of his trust. He didn't seem to have any filter when talking about the universes so he probably wasn't holding any information back. 

 

Bruce ended up getting sent back home, better yet right into his batcave, where Red Robin installed "The Batverse program" into his computer (purposely naming it The Batverse Program so he wouldn't use the name  EYNTKAU). Red Robin was clearly a bit weirded out by his batcave but he didn't vocalize any of his thoughts. 



By now the whole situation was over a week ago. The only thing that was keeping him from thinking it was a dream was the program installed on his computer.

 

Bruce looked into the world he was just in. Red Robin's real name was apparently a kid named Timothy Drake-Wayne who was serving as the other Bruce's "Ward". Honestly, everyone knew they were more like adopted children though. But the kids didn't stop at Tim, no, there were way more. The family consisted of Dick Grayson, Jason Todd, and Damian Wayne.

 

Intrigued, Bruce looked into more worlds and found that most Bruce's actually did adopt children. Usually consisting of a Dick Grayson, a Jason Todd, a Tim Drake, a Damian Wayne (or Al ghul considering which universe it was) and occasionally a Cassandra Cain, a Stephanie Brown, and a Duke Thomas. Even Barbara Gordon was considered family even though in almost every universe she still had her father who loved her. However taking care of so many kids took its toll in some universes.

 

Bruce was usually a single parent and would end up accidentally hurting or neglecting the children especially when he got them into vigilant-ism. But even in the universe that he wasn’t Batman, he still wasn’t being the best dad either because in those universes he would care more about the company. It just seemed really unhealthy.

 

Without knowing it Bruce became attached to the idea of his non-existent family. One thing led to another and he started looking into his universe for the possible versions of his kids. It may be selfish of him of course he had Alfred but the thought of having an actual family was different he could help these kids make a real difference in their lives. Just like how Alfred had done with him.



Getting into his universe's government records was fairly easy especially after doing it with the other universes. He searched for the names of the other world’s children however he came to the realization that he couldn’t find any of them. 

 

Then he remembered that not everyone in Gotham was officially documented in the official records. With the great amount of homeless and unsafe areas not everyone went to the hospital to give birth and it would become an issue when they never felt safe enough to go get a birth certificate. Gotham has come to realize this problem so when getting a job you didn’t even have to show an ID. And mostly everyone who was born in Gotham stayed in Gotham so they never faced the consequences of not being officially documented.

 

So after going through the records he decided to go through security cameras, social media posts, news articles, basically anything you could think of that could show that you exist. He still found nothing, he ended up even looking into the parents; some had never gotten together (like Tim’s parents) while others just never had children (like Dick’s parents, who also never ended up going to Gotham…or maybe they just haven’t gone yet). No matter what he did, he couldn’t find anything. 

 

Devastated he didn’t go out as Batman for a whole week, which crime had already been rising because he had spent most of his time not patrolling but looking into other universes. It didn’t take long for Alfred to notice. In fact he noticed almost immediately 



“Master Bruce, what in the world are you doing?” Alfred asked, setting the tray of food on the bedside table. Bruce tugged the sheets over his face avoiding Alfred’s gaze knowing full well it was disapproving. 

 

“Master Bruce, there are people out there right now dying because you have decided that it is ‘too hard’ for you to go out and instead would rather stay inside and wallow in sadness because one thing did not go your way. Now Master Bruce I may not have fully understood your obsession with going out and fighting ‘bad guys’ but you have made the people have hope and now you’re letting them down.”

 

 Then Alfred left. Alfred always knew how to talk and even though it hurt and made him upset. It was true. Bruce was always dense without someone being blunt about what was happening it wouldn’t really make sense to him, that was one of the lead contributors of destroying his relationships with his kids in the other universes. 

 

So left there alone in his room with nothing to think about but what Alfred had said he realized was true. He had given the people hope and then suddenly had abandoned them, now the villains were taking advantage of him not being there and people were dying because of him. He was being selfish. He needed to go out. 

 

He focused too much on his own feelings and it led to people getting hurt, is what he would focus on if he hadn't found out but the different universes. The idea was good in theory shutting down your emotions so none of your enemies could read you but it damages your relationships once it starts becoming part of your personality. And after seeing the results of this Bruce is determined to not turn out like the others. 
Chapter 2: The Search has Begun
Summary:

    Bruce decides that if there aren't any of his kids in his own world he'll just have to steal them from another.

Notes:

    I accidentally almost published the story in the chapter summary....you can thank AO3 for telling me it had to be less than 1250 characters long....Ya I'm still learning how to work AO3....Did I mention this is my first fanfic?

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Bruce was trying to get better at juggling his vigilante life. He felt horrible for not going out. The damage from the few nights was already showing.

 

A few robbers ended up getting away with expensive jewels but that wasn't the main issue. Joker however had kidnapped a hundred people and due to Batman not arriving that night he ended up killing all of them. Not a single survivor remained, the jewels were replaceable, people however, they weren't.

 

To make matters worse is that he sent the dismembered body parts to the other family members' houses. If the people of Gotham didn't have an opinion on him then, they definitely do now.

 

The Joker…his name made him feel sick. No sane man could ever kill that many people and not feel guilt afterwards. Bruce knew that the Joker did much worse things in other worlds but it didn't really process in his mind that his Joker could also turn out like that. It made him think of the Jasons of other universes, and just how much they suffered.

 

The files about Jason were usually the most tragic, most of the stories not giving the poor boy a break. Bruce wished that the Bruces of those worlds had paid more attention to him or at least tried to understand him better. They would usually shut him completely out after his resurrection, stuck mourning their dead innocent son.

 

Suddenly an idea came into his head. Since the other Bruces don't properly care for him, why couldn’t he do it instead? He hadn't heard of anyone living in another universe (that was not their own) long term. The risks were still unknown but he could still give it a shoot, at least. All he wanted was just one kid to call his own. Maybe he was being too selfish but this wouldn’t just be for his joy, this would also be better in the long run for the kid too. Better yet why did it even have to be one when it could be all of the kids like the other Bruce’s had.

 

Maybe his jealousy was showing just a bit but Bruce was too overjoyed to care and set off on his mission of collecting the kids.

 

However he quickly realized his kids in the other universes usually didn't have good relationships with one another let alone even know each other. Plus most of them had their own Bruce, and while this main plan stemmed from wanting to save the kids from Bruce, he didn’t feel right taking them away. Especially after reading the files he realized just because they had a bad relationship, at the end of the day they still cared for each other.

 

So he decided that instead of getting them all from one world he would get them from different worlds, one by one. This would also be better so he could adjust to one kid at a time as he was indeed clueless about children and probably needed to look into that more. But he'd do that later, he wanted to get searching immediately.

 

After some investigating Bruce decided that he was going to try to collect Jason first. This was due to the fact he would probably be the hardest to find.

 

The main reason being that the Jasons that weren't adopted by Bruce weren't in the government records. (Bruce suspected this was due to Jason being a street kid growing up so his parents probably never took him to the hospital) So this would result in him having to look more thoroughly through files.

 

Thus it was finally time to begin his long journey trying to locate a Jason. He spent days (taking breaks for Batman of course, he wouldn't make the same mistake twice) researching worlds and all the effort would go wasted because in the end he couldn't find anything. Well it was more of a mystery actually, if Jason had just been really good at avoiding being seen on any footage or he really didn't exist. He would find himself forcing himself to move on from universes because it was just taking too long and he didn't want to be too late for a different Jason. Even though a part of him still believed there could be a Jason in there.

 

Even though he said he would refrain from it he started looking into universes where Bruce HAD adopted Jason.

 

These universes were the most common ones. Especially with him becoming a vigilante. Sometimes Jason would become robin, in others he became "Shadow" (in those universes Dick and Bruce had a better relationship). The ones where Jason had become Robin held the most brutal world's however.

 

He did end up finding Jason however, after some digging he found that there was an unidentifiable person found in the rubble of an abandoned warehouse, which had suspiciously blown up. Bruce, having read millions of Jason Todd’s stories already recognized what this meant and moved on.

 

Well that’s what Bruce planned to do but he ended up however he found himself having trouble moving on. While there were so many Jason's he found dead this one was only found dead a day or two ago. It was way more recent than any of the other deaths.

 

While Bruce was devastated, he knew he had to move on. While it was late and he should be asleep he knew he wouldn't be able to sleep tonight. So he used this "Jason anxiety" to motivate him to search through more.

 

It was actually pretty helpful, he ended up going through 3 whole worlds. Well, that was, until he got sidetracked. After starting the 4th world he ended up coming across a news report that was only a few hours old.

 

It was warning the citizens how the Joker broke out of Arkham and was kidnapping a bunch of homeless people. But then it was realized to not be homeless people, but kids.

 

The idea of the Joker kidnapping kids made Bruce sick. He researched a bit more and found that the Joker had done this several times before, murdering hundreds of people. Wherever Batman was he didn't know. He just couldn't stand by this and let it happen. While he stood by his morals of not killing he could at least do this universe a favor by saving these kids.
Notes:

    Okay! I'm out of the hospital now sorry to anyone that worried. Just a tip don't be scared to call an ambulance they're all nice. Anyways I've been excited to post this even though not much has happen we're finally gonna get our look at Bruce's first kid. I really just wanted to jump into Bruce taking a kid but I know the first chapters are important to set the story. I feel bad for using the "Bruce goes to another world to get kids" premise especially because it is someone else's idea (Go read Robins and Other Flightless Birds it's really good) but I promise the characters are going to be different. I hope you enjoyed this week's chapter <3 (I'm sorry it's so short I'm still working on how and where to end a chapter) (Extra note from the future: I PROMISE THE NEXT CHAPTERS AREN'T THIS SHORT...I can't believe I actually posted something this short)

Chapter 3: When in doubt....kidnap a kid
Summary:

    Bruce runs into a kid...and well...kidnaps him

Notes:

    So funny story I was sitting at the computer ready to add the chapter....but I just completely forgot.... until now...so here it is

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Bruce really underestimated the portal. He had expected it to have some sort of safety thing. It most definitely didn't as he realized after ending up in the middle of the sky quickly falling to his death. Thankfully there was a building nearby and he used his cape to glide over there. However his feet completely missed the building so he ended up stuck on a flagpole.

 

It was a hilarious sight really. He could see the headlines now, 'Batman Gotham's protector stuck stranded on a flagpole!'

 

It would probably cause some confusion for this world's Batman, and should probably be more careful. In fact he probably shouldn't have even gone to this world. It could completely change the direction this universe was going. And Bruce couldn't tell if that was good or not.

 

Thankfully he was put in the general proximity of the location Joker took the kids. Or well, he hoped it was the location he took the kids. He hadn't had time to actually research it himself especially with the fact this wasn't his Gotham. So he was just going off of where Joker's goons were spotted

He was trying to minimize his time in this world but the transporter (thank goodness it wasn't bat themed) wasn't exactly helping.

 

Bruce spotted a few of the goons. They were hanging around an alley way of course.

 

They weren't really built or anything. They were quite lanky, actually, pretty easy to take out.

 

It was also simple to find an entrance. There were a few more goons before he entered the hallway; there was only one door at the end.

 

Oh. Oh f**k. There was blood everywhere, bodies littered the floor. He spotted at least ten of the goons on the ground. He also saw some of the kids on the ground.

 

Bruce felt sick. The bodies of the kids were already cold. They had gnashes all over their body, they were practically cut open.

 

Bruce continued across the room checking the bodies. Until he came across the end of the room.

 

There was a kid in the corner hugging his knees, shivering. He held the joker's BANG gun in his hand. He cringed a bit at the sight of the guy. Of course, only one thing could create this much damage. The kid instantly looked up after Bruce's shadow covered him.

 

"Who are you?" the kid demanded. His voice was raspy sounding as if he was just crying but there was no evidence of that on his face. The kid's face scrunched up and glared at him. "I ask who ya are..!" The kid tightened his grip on the gun, suddenly pointing it directly at Bruce. However he could tell it wasn't loaded. But if he pointed it out the kid would feel more unsafe so he kept quiet.

 

"I'm batman." He slowly lowered down to one knee to show he didn't want to fight.

 

"Suree like Batman would-a come down here." The kid sassed, keeping his gun pointed.

 

"What do you mean?"

 

"Batman only goes for the big criminals." The kid rolled his eyes.

 

"Isn't Joker a big threat?"

 

"Sure he is but not according to Batman,” The kid rolled his eyes. “You have-ta operate outside of Crime alley to be big."

 

"What about Robin?" He remembered reading somewhere that there was a Robin in this universe.

 

"Hah, if you're really Batman then you should know yur Robin is off-world," The kid sneered. "So whatchu here for? A quick buck? A favor? Cause I'll have ya know I don't plan on paying ya back."

 

“No, I just want to help.” Bruce waved his hands in front of himself. The kid wasn’t buying it though. “Here, what if I give you this?” He took a batarang from his belt and slid it towards the kid. The kid flinched back. Squinting at it before quickly grabbing it and pointing it towards him. The kid probably feels safer now that he has a weapon that actually works. Bruce was proud of himself for reading kid psychology books, of course it could only help so much, before being useless. “Look kid, I just want to help.”

 

“You think I’m dumb? You’re trying to earn my trust now then later you’ll backstab me.” The kid shot back. At least he was talking though.

 

“Kid I promise I just want to help.” Bruce moved a bit forward, that was a mistake. The kid tried to move back but must have realized the wall was right behind him because instead he scrambled to the side standing up, however, he immediately fell back down, crying out. Bruce, unable to contain his instincts any longer, rushed to the kid. He supported the kid with his arm but the kid swiped at him with the batarang.

 

“Get the f**k away!” The kid was bleeding through his shirt. It was more noticeable now that he moved, so it must be active bleeding. He was tempted to lift up his shirt but he knew that it would definitely ruin any trust he had gotten in the boy.

 

“Look kid, I really think you should get this checked out.” He tried to reason with the kid but he just kept trying to get away from him. Bruce knew the kid would most definitely not come with him to the hospital. However he also knew that if he just left this kid alone he still probably wouldn't go to the hospital anyways.

 

So, Bruce did the thing he thought was best. He picked up the kid and began to go outside. He couldn't create a portal in such a small area. He knew that he probably shouldn’t be bringing random kids into his world but, the kid needed medical attention and he couldn't just drop the kid off at hospital. The kid would make a run for it and people most definitely would notice him. So this was the next best thing, the kid however seemed to disagree.

 

The kid was kicking, screaming, punching, basically doing anything he could to make Bruce possibly drop him.

 

When Bruce finally arrived in the batcave he’s pretty sure he almost gave Alfred a heart attack.

 

“Bruce Wayne, why in the world did you bring a child with you? You did not alert me of this and it looks like you didn’t alert the child either.” Bruce cringed, Alfred only ever used his full name when he was really angry. He thought he would’ve stopped since he was an adult now, seems like he was wrong.

 

Thankfully the kid had stopped kicking and screaming, instead opting out to turn as stiff as a board. Either he was tired or the effects of blood loss were finally kicking in. It was probably the latter due to how determined he seemed to get away from Bruce.

 

"Alfie he's really injured and-"

 

"Don't you "Alfie" me. You have your own emergency kit." Bruce cringed again. "Don't tell me you forgot it." In Bruce's defense he was in a rush and hadn't really properly checked his belt. Bruce would counter Alfred with this, but he knew it was best to not interpret him when he was lecturing.

 

Alfred sighed, and Bruce perked up. Was the lecture over? He knew it probably wasn't true, Alfred had long lectures, but he could hope, right? "Look, give him here. I'll deal with you later."

 

When he picked the kid up off his shoulder, he un-stiffened and instead became one like jello. It seemed like he was trying to make Bruce drop him, and it was working. His body felt heavier and due to the surprise he almost dropped him.

 

Alfred however, seemed unfazed and situated the kid on his hip, and brung the kid to the medicine room. Just before entering he turned around and looked at Bruce. "Bruce, behave."
Notes:

    Okay so apparently (or at least were I live) the fire department or something sends you a letter if you rode in the ambulance. It not much its like a little card where it has a few sentences inside and all the ambulance people sign it, but I think it's really cool. And it brightened my day! Anyways hope you enjoyed this week's chapter! ....WAIT 52 KUDOS?! I didn't even realize I reached that much...let alone more than 50.....oh gosh...woah, thanks so much🧡🧡🧡 !!!

Chapter 4: A traumatized kid in your basement
Summary:

    Jason knows there something off about these kidnappers, especially the old guy...

Notes:

    POV Switch! I was cutting this one a little close and redid it all just yesterday! I did try to catch any grammar mistakes but if you come across it I'm sorry!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Jason was f**king stupid. The panic really set in after the portal disappeared behind them. Jason always prided himself in being able to fend off creeps. This was not a good show of it.

 

He had been without food for nine days, three without water, and seven without sleep. Usually he wouldn't be doing this bad but he was freshly psychologically tortured. Thanks Joker. So If you can imagine, he wasn’t in the best headspace.

 

Now he's been kidnapped by a delusional Batman. Who apparently was BRUCE WAYNE?! Or maybe it was all just a hoax?

 

Because rather than seeing Batman or even Bruce Wayne in the same room as him, he saw an old man at the counter across the white room. (And he was pretty sure that Bruce Wayne was definitely not that old)

 

Oh f**k he’d been sold hadn't he. There was no other explanation as to why he ran into some random fake Batman and then ended up in the hands of an old man.

 

The man turned around and smiled at him. “Oh you’re awake. Thank goodness, I was beginning to worry after you fainted.” He fainted? Well it’s not like he would remember fainting. However, it was also incredibly common for a kidnapper to say the same thing. “I ended up bandaging you when you were asleep. I do hope you won’t mind.”

 

Bandage? Is that what the squeezing feeling was from? Wait, that didn’t matter just yet. “Hey! I know all about the fake Batman plot ya have going on! So I suggest ya let me go before I tell every’un!” Jason wasn't one to just reveal all his playing cards at once but this was all he had. OH WAIT! He still had that Bata-ruma thing!

 

Jason quickly took it out and pointed it at the old man.

 

The old man put his hands up, seemily offering peace. “Oh do forgive me for scaring you, I don't mean any harm.” The man smiled warmly but his voice held no emotion. Then his eyes turned cold. “However it is Batman’s fault for your fear.”

 

Jason shivered. Maybe he didn't hear what he said earlier about the ‘Fake Batman plot'.“I know yur Batman is really Bruce Wayne and that he's a fake..! So…let me go!” He was getting more nervous as the old man countied to stare at him with his emotionless blinking eyes. He didn't even have a slight “Oh no” reaction to him outting Bruce Wayne, well, if he actually was the fake Batman.

 

“Ah yes Bruce hasn't explained to you what is going on.” His eyes went cold at the mention of Bruce again. Was he missing something? This whole interaction was really off putting and in not the “normal” creepy way it was more of a ‘What the f**k is going on nothing makes sense’ creepy way.

 

Jason narrowed his eyes, “What exactly is going on then?” While Jason wanted to jump in and say how he knew exactly what was going on (this wasn't the first time he'd been kidnapped), he decided it was best to just hear whatever crazy story they spun.

 

“You see, Bruce decided to travel to your universe and save some kids. But I guess just helping the kids get away from Joker wasn't enough and he just had to take some random child home with him..!” The old man's eyes finally showed emotion in them but it wasn't pleasant, in fact it made him more uneasy.

 

“Kidnapped,” He added.

 

“Yes, you are absolutely correct he kidnapped you! Hasn't he even learned anything about manners.” He mutters the last sentence under his breath.

 

Jason….he didn't know how to feel. The man spoke angrily about the Fake Batman but at the same time, wasn't he supposed to be on the same team as him? Was this some sort of manipulation tactic? If it was supposed to throw him off, it was working.

 

Before the old man continued his rant he stopped himself. “Oh, apologies, I got caught up in the moment. Where were we?”

 

“You were telling me the craziest excuse I've heard.” Jason deadpanned.

 

“Pardon?”

 

“You seriously can't expect me to believe in universe travel when I've just met ya, let alone was just kidnapped! I don't even know where I am, or what yur name is!” Jason crossed his arms, the old man didn't seem to have any violent intentions or even seem like his body could handle it. Call him impatient but as soon as this old guy left he could start looking for an exit.

 

“I truly apologize, I don't understand exactly how the universe-travel works.” The man looked at him apologetically. “I can, however, provide the other information. I am Alfred, Bruce's butler. Right now you are located in Wayne Manor. I apologize for not telling you this earlier. I must've caused you a bit of a fright.’

 

“You ‘pologize a lot.” Jason mumbled.

 

“I suppose I do. But it does come with the job.”

 

Alfred didn't seem like the type to participate in a kidnapping even though he was a bit slow to show emotions. It probably came with the job too. You had to value the person in charge’s wishes above all. So he probably got ordered to assist in kidnaping him or something. “Why did ya say he kidnapped me?”

 

“Well he didn't discuss it with me before you came,” He glared a bit at the air. “However if I had to think of why, he probably was too caught up in the moment and just really wanted to help you,” Alfred sighed, putting his hand to his head, rubbing it. “He means the best, usually, but he doesn't really make the best decisions to show it.” He gave Jason a half hearted smile.

 

Jason was confused to say the least. This whole time Alfred had been speaking of Bruce negatively, now he isn't. Did he get in trouble? Was he talking too negatively about Bruce and he got mad? While this could be a possibility, he didn't really feel like Bruce could be mean (if he actually is Bruce Wayne). He always seemed to be a bit of an air head. And, if this whole universe travel thing is real, by the way Alfred was talking about him he did seem a bit clueless.

 

Even so, it was weird thinking his “kidnapper” was actually a nice person just trying to help. But, thinking back to it, it was weird. Batman, who never investigates Joker, came to rescue him and the other kids. He tried to comfort him (even though he wasn't very good at it) and even gave him a weapon. Then he carried him into a purple portal and into his home. Wait…purple portal? Could Alfred have been telling the truth about universe travel? But, it was too out there, how could you actually travel universes?

 

There was a ring outside. Alfred didn't even look towards the sounds, almost as if he had expected it.

 

“That's lunch, I'll bring you some when it's ready. Should be ready…hm” Alfred’s eyes looked towards the wall almost seeming like he could see right through it. “About 30 minutes.”

 

After Alfred left Jason surveyed his surroundings. It looked like an office but with what he was pretty sure was medical stuff and right in the corner was the bed thing he was on. It was harder and smaller than any bed he'd seen before, so maybe it was a medical thing? There were also stickers all over his body which were attached to tube things leading up to an electronic square box, which once and awhile went beep-beep.

 

The box looked kind of like a computer but with a stick coming out of the bottom attached to wheels. On the screen it had a graph thing with 3 weird up and down lines. Next to the lines were numbers that remained mostly steady but would change every once and while.

 

He kept looking around until finally laying eyes on a vent. Ah-ha! It was pretty high up but maybe if he climbed on the chair!

 

. . .Just one problem. The stickers were stuck on him! The wheels on the box were locked in place and the tubes on his stickers were attached to the box. So when he tried to get out of bed he tumbled into a tangled mess on the floor. And since the stickers were attached to his skin when he tried to take them off, it felt like taking off a bandaid.

 

So, maybe his escape plan would be put on hold. Wait. He still had the Bata-whatever thing! He could cut the tubes with that!

 

The Bata-knife thing was sharp, but the tubes were strong. He barely even made a dent in it when Alfred opened the door.

 

“Young Master, what are you doing?”

 

“Did ya just call me ‘Young Master’?” The disgust was visible on his face.

 

“Yes I did,” Alfred nodded, putting the food tray on the counter before he came to help Jason up. Of course Jason slapped his hand away however, Alfred was quicker and wrapped his arms around Jason, picking him up and placing him back down on the bed.

 

“Could you not call me that. It sounds weird.” It was less of a question and more like a statement. It made him uncomfortable to be called someone’s ‘Master’, especially with being raised on the streets.

 

“I could see how if you’re not used to it, it sounds weird.” Alfred nodded looking down, filling a cup with tap water.

 

“So can you stop?”

 

“No I cannot. It wouldn’t be the polite thing to do.”

 

“I really don’t care about manners.” Jason protested.

 

“Well, let me rephrase that, it’s the right thing to do,” Before Jason could butt in, Alfred continued. “You right now are Bruce’s guest, and since he’s head of the house as far as I’m concerned they are on the same level as he is. So they will be given the same amount of respect, and being referred to as Master or Mistress is just part of it.”

 

This whole rich people stuff was confusing. In a way he kinda understood it, it was respect based since the head of the house invited someone, the guest should be respected too. Wait, head of the house?

 

“If Bruce is head of the house why don’t ya refer to him as “Master”” …Ew he hated how that sounded. Just even saying the word “Master” made him gag.

 

“Well right now I’m upset with Bruce.” He smiled but there was some cold about it. Alfred placed a food tray on Jason’s lap and he stared down at it.

 

It was actual food. He could feel the steam still radiating off of it. It was an actual meal. Before fully processing what he was doing he shoveled the food inside his mouth.

 

“My goodness you're hungry, aren’t you?” Alfred’s surprise was caught in his almost always indifferent voice. Jason just nodded back, not even bothering to stop eating.

 

Before long all the food was gone. Sh** he probably should have been worried about being poisoned. Oh well, at least he’ll die with a full stomach.

 

Alfred came back again at dinnertime and gave him more food. And for the first time in a long time he really felt full. It was nice.
Notes:

    Okay so I honestly am not really happy with this chapter, well it's not that it's bad if it was then I wouldn't post it, but, it just isn't my favorite. I redid this chapter 3 times so it's been through a lot. It did turn out WAYYYYYY better than the pervious versions but I'm still not like the most happy with it. Even though it's not the best I still hope you enjoyed it. Some of the parts (like the mentions of the stickers) were based off my hospital visit. If you don't know what the stickers do, basically they take your vitals. For example, heart rate, breathing patterns, amount of oxygen you take in, stuff like that. It wasn't really important to the plot I just added it in to make it a bit more realistic. Anyways, rambling again, thanks for reading ❤️❤️❤️!

Chapter 5: Sleepover! (not really)
Summary:

    Bruce attempts to hang out with Jason

Notes:

    Sorry it's late....actually I don't know what time I usually post....

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Bruce lay staring up at the ceiling of his room. He wanted to research more into the boy especially because he seemed to have such similar mannerisms to Jason. If the boy actually was Jason then, he could be his chance of starting his family!

 

However, Alfred wouldn't agree to anything the boy would disagree with. He guessed this was good, Alfred being protective of the boy already. Except this raised another issue, the boy hated him. He had tried to “hang out” (Alfred said that's what kids say when they spend time with each other) with the boy when he got close to him, he kicked him in the crotch. Another time he bought a book about slang and started to use some of the words. He thought he was doing pretty well, the kid though, had a different idea. He looked so appalled and screamed “Get out!”

 

He retreated about that attempt mostly because Alfred was forcing a bedtime on him now that he was grounded and he didn't have enough time to fully investigate. He also wasn't allowed to go out as Batman, it gave him more time to research stuff but he still felt guilty for not going out.

 

Bruce has had enough, he couldn't just keep laying here like this listening to his thoughts waiting for sleep to come. If anything his thoughts were just convincing him more to leave.

 

So he snuck downstairs waiting to see if he heard Alfred. There was silence. He rushed to the hidden bookcase and moved downstairs. There was no Alfred, so he must've gone to bed. Just then he heard a noise, his eyes shot towards the boy's room where he saw the door start to open. Without time to think he threw himself under the Batcomputer.

 

Out stepped Alfred with a dirty towel. “Sit for just a moment, I'll be right back.” There was a sense of urgency in his walk and his voice, he didn't even have time to spot Bruce. Which was very unusual because Alfred was always alert.

 

As Bruce sat there for a moment, his curiosity overwhelmed him. Alfred had come out of the medicine room, where the boy was staying. So there must be something wrong with the boy. He knew Alfred had lectured him on privacy before when spying on the neighbors but he just couldn't help taking a peek into the boy's room. The boy was hunched over a bucket and a foul smell was in a room. Oh, when Bruce realized what happened, he couldn't help himself from going over to rub the boy's back.

 

The boy shivered and stiffened. “W-what the fu** are ya doin’?” He could barely talk without gagging again.

 

Bruce offered a “It'll be okay” not really knowing what else to do. He didn't get sick often and most of it was when he was a child, he didn't remember much from those times, but he did remember Alfred rubbing his back.

 

“I know that!” The kid shot back before gagging again.“I knew you poisoned the food!”

 

“Huh-? What do you mean?”

 

“Unlucky for ya, I have a resistance! So your poisoning won't work on me!” He shot back gagging once again.

 

“We'd never poison you! I promise I have no idea what has happened.” His voice got a bit too loud and flinched wondering if Alfred had heard him.

 

“But then why is this happening?” The kid's voice cracked, and when he looked up at him, he realized his eyes were full of tears. Bruce started to wonder when he had started to cry or if he was in fact crying the whole time.

 

Bruce felt a stab of guilt in his chest. “I- I don't know.”

 

“I know why.” A voice sighed behind them. Both their eyes shot towards the voice, it was Alfred. “It's my fault, I should've been careful of what to give you.”Alfred gave an apologetic look to the boy.

 

“But the food was good.” His voice was almost defensive towards Alfred. Alfred couldn't have already bonded with the boy, could he? It had only been a day or two.

 

“No no, I tried to limit the amount of food I gave you because I was worried something like this would happen. You see the problem is that you always eat like it's your last meal.”

 

“What's the matter with that? I always eat like that on the streets.” Jason questioned, looking confused.

 

“Yes, and that's what kept you alive, however now that you're in an environment in which you are getting steady meals. Your stomach isn't used to having so much food at once and because you just keep adding more it has no choice now but to empty itself. Not to mention I made the mistake of giving you meat.”

 

The boy seemed a bit hesitant, “But-” He started but then stopped himself.

 

“Now,” He turned to Bruce. “You are supposed to be in bed.”

 

“I left my keys down here.” Bruce pulled out his keys along with the quickest (weakest) excuse he could think of.

 

“Now why on earth would you need your car keys when you're going to bed.” Alfred placed his hands on his hips looking knowingly at Bruce.

 

Bruce looked sheepishly at Alfred, he knew that Alfred knew he was lying. There was no use in leading him on with some ridiculous story. “Fine, I wanted to check on the boy.”

 

‘The boy’ deadpanned at him, “Have you guys been callin’ me ‘the boy’ this whole time? You could at least get a bit creative.” They both ignored him.

 

“Master Bruce, if you continue to not listen to me you won't be ungrounded.”

 

The boy laughed, “You're grounded?!” Again they ignored him.

 

“I know I just got worried,” Suddenly Bruce got an idea which could give him a chance to get closer to the boy. “Alfred you’re probably really tired especially with how long you’ve been staying up recently,”

 

Alfred sighed, “Get to the point.”

 

“Look, what if I just stay down here and watch him. I remember how you used to take care of me when I was sick.” That wasn't true but it could give Alfred some reassurance. Maybe.

 

Alfred gave him a hesitant look squinting his eyes. “Master Bruce-”

 

“Please Alfred, I can do this. This can give me practice.” Alfred sighed, “I promise.”

 

“Alright but if anything happens, call me immediately,” he glanced at the kid, “that stands for you too.” Bruce scoffed at that, he wasn't that bad with kids.

 

After Alfred left, they stared at each other in silence for a couple minutes. The kid's talkative attitude completely disappearing.

 

“You can leave now.”

 

“I said I'd stay though?” Bruce asked a bit confused.

 

“You did that to look good in front of me.”

 

“What no I-” The kid narrowed his eyes, suspicious. “Sort of?” It wasn’t really the fact he wanted to “look good” in front of him, not that he didn't want to look good in front of him. It Was kind of close actually.

 

He was trying to think of an explanation, when Bruce realized that the boy would find whatever excuse he came up with even more suspicious because of how long he was taking. So with the stress of the kid losing trust in him for how long it was taking he just blurted out the truth. “I want to bond with you.”

 

“Do you know how weird that sounds?” He wrinkled his nose. “And didn't you tell Alfred it was for practice. So, what's that about.”

 

“Oh uh,” He looked up at the boy with a sheepish smile on his face. He should've realized he would've heard that. “I want kids?”

 

“Really?” He wrinkled his nose again, “I didn’t picture you to be the ‘Dad’ type.” He squinted at him, “Are you sure.”

 

“Yes”

 

He went quiet for a moment then shrugged, “Ya know there’s other kids out there, save yur self some time ‘n energy, hang out with em.”

 

“But, you're here already so it makes it easier, and if you end up staying here-”

 

“Woah woah woah who said anything about staying.” The kid crossed his arms. Bruce cursed himself in his mind on having run his mouth without thinking.

 

“Well I mean I just thought that maybe since the streets are-”

 

“Hey, just because the streets are a bad place doesn't mean I'd rather stay with you, I don't even know you!”

 

“I thought I introduced myself to you already.”

 

“No no like that! I mean I don't even know you as a person ‘n if this whole different universe thing is true, it just means I know you even less!”

 

Bruce was quiet, the kid was right they knew nothing about each other and he might not even be a Jason. But, something in him told him he couldn’t just put him on the streets again. He had seen the medical report. Even though his worse injuries were from the Joker, he still had a lot of other cuts all over his body, and even a bullet hole. He felt the urge to shield this kid away from all the bad in the world, even if he’d probably experienced it all before it didn’t mean he should experience it again.

 

It was only a little longer of silence before the kid fell asleep, he seemed to be tired. Bruce wanted to fall asleep but he was nervous that if he did, and the kid threw up again, he wouldn't wake him up (and he probably wouldn’t). He didn't want him to suffer alone. So, he stayed awake sitting on the floor by the kid’s side. He realized he probably should have gotten a pillow or something to sit on but he didn’t want to leave the kid alone. He knew Alfred probably realized this but didn’t voice the problem allowed as a punishment for going against him.

 

Thankfully, he didn’t throw up again but he did start rolling around adjusting his position a lot before finally sitting up, breathing heavily.

 

“Are you having trouble sleeping?”

 

“God! Have you been up the whole time?! I thought ya rich people had manners.” He glared at him from across the room.

 

“Sorry, I thought you knew I was sleeping here.”

 

“No, I thought you'd leave honestly.” The kid looked a bit suspicious of him and looked shaken up.

 

“Are you scared of throwing up?” Bruce tried again.

 

“No ‘course not.”

 

“Nightmare?”

 

“No! I’m not a baby ya know! Stop asking stupid questions.” He sat there with his arms crossed.

 

“I had trouble sleeping when I was little.” Bruce tried to empathize.

 

“Did any’un ask?” The kid glared, trying to shut down the conversion but Bruce continued.

 

“Whenever I would close my eyes I was back in that alley, right next to my parent’s body’s. They didn't die immediately you know, they were talking to me, crying out but I can't remember any of it, I couldn't even move I was paralyzed…I was mad at myself for the longest time, I was right there I could’ve done something, anything and then maybe, they’d still be here.” His voice was starting to crack, it was too late and he was starting to get emotional. “I could've warned them-”

 

“You can’t save every’un.” The kid interprets, Bruce looks towards him a bit confused. “Some people are just destined to die, ya know, it's fate. You can’t save everyone. Do you really think yur parents would’ve even listened to you, if ya had warned ‘em? You were just some small little kid.” He cracked a bit of a smile. “It's hard to think of you as a kid yur so old now.”

 

“I’m really not. Why does everyone keep saying that?” Bruce frowned.

 

“Cause ya look old.” He flashed Bruce a smile. Even though it hurt his pride, it made him happy that the kid now was cheered up.

 

“Thank you though,” Bruce smiled.

 

“For what? Calling ya old?”

 

Bruce deadpanned and the kid snickered. “No, for what you said about my parents. I’m pretty sure my younger self would’ve felt less guilt if you said that to him.”

 

He was silent for a minute before speaking up, “What about now?”

 

“Now? Goodness, I still don’t think I've even gotten over all the guilt, but, what you said about not being able to save everyone is true. Even though I've only been Batman for a year or so I’ve already met people I can’t save. Still doesn’t make me feel better about it,” He flashed a bittersweet smile, “But, I think I'm slowly coming to terms with it.”

 

The boy looked thoughtful for a moment “I don't think I’ve ever felt moved by death actually. It’s just something that happens ya know? Maybe it’s ‘cause I never really been close to any of ‘em, I don't know.” He shrugged.

 

“What about your parents?” Bruce offered.

 

“My parents? Hah! They had it coming those bast***s. Instead of cryin’ tears of sadness for em I cried tears of joy when they died! I was finally free!” It was weird hearing someone so happy that their parents died especially with how close he was with his, he couldn't even imagine. “It's a hard life on the streets, but there’s something so freeing about it. Wouldn't expect a rich guy like ya to understand, but it's amazing to us kids.”

 

“You value freedom a lot, huh?”

 

“Course who doesn’t?”

 

While Bruce had done this to “bond” with the boy, he hadn't expected them to actually have a conversation with one another. He was fully prepared for the boy to ignore him or just kick him again. But he hadn't, and he actually learned a lot about the boy.

 

They ended up getting into several debates. No one actually lost any of them because they both firmly stood with the ideas but it was interesting to hear a different point of view.

 

Right now they were in the middle of a debate of which hero could take down Superman, Jason teaming with Wonder Woman saying that Superman could never hurt a lady and Bruce of course siding with Batman.

 

“I have a kryptonite knife. That gives me a huge advantage. If I stabbed it in him he'd probably die!” Bruce tried to reason.

 

“If you even got close to him! Wonder Women wouldn't even need that! She could just lasso him and hold him down! She's already so strong! Plus Superman and you only just started being heroes, she has tons of experience from being a warrior!” He argued. The boy was now sitting facing him, his legs dangling off the bed, proving his theory that the boy now seemed way more comfortable with him.

 

“I do hope you both didn't stay up the whole night.” Bruce and the boy both jumped, not expecting to see Alfred in the doorway.

 

“Opps.” The kid shrugged, not seeming concerned at all. “Well, it was his fault though he didn’t stop asking me questions.”

 

Bruce couldn’t believe the kid was throwing him under the bus like this, in front of Alfred! “Well you were the one who started the whole debate on the best weapon to use in a fight.”

 

“Ya! But it was your fault for getting all worked up when I said it was a gun!” He pointed a finger accusingly at Bruce.

 

As they continued bickering Alfred sighed, “It’s like I have two children now.”
Notes:

    (I didn't know how to end the chapter so sorry if it seems awkward)

    Okay so I'm not extremely proud of this one but I did proof read! Like 4 times, and redid it like 4 times...I'm a perfectionist...Alright hope ya'll had a good thanksgiving tho and a good black Friday to those who participated. Actually idk if anyone really goes out during black Friday anymore like I did see maybe 1/3 of a parking lot full but that's it really idk if it's really a big thing anymore. That or, everyone just does it online.

    Back to the actual story, I was debating whether to make a thanksgiving special or not, I decided against it because I didn't really have any ideas on what to do plus there isn't that much characters introduced rn. Unless I wrote about Bruce's past thanksgiving when his parents were alive or something but I don't really think it'd add anything. Especially because I'm just starting the story I need to get some main parts out of the way. Yes, before you ask I do have (sorta) an outline of what I wanna do with the story.

Chapter 6: What makes a family?
Summary:

    Jason attempts to run away, it doesn't go the way he planned though....

Notes:

    THE FIRST DAY OF CHIRSTMAS MY TRUE LOVE GAVE TO ME- (I love Christmas)
    Hii everyone!! I'm in a good mood today!!! Thanks everyone for leaving kudos! I can't believe we're at 110 already!!! And 22 bookmarks! Thank you everyone <3!!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Jason didn’t know what happened but he wasn't complaining. His injuries stopped giving him so much pain as he moved so he was finally able to walk around. Bruce being Bruce, decided to give him a room, for “being so good”.  Bruce was weird but he wasn't complaining about getting a room. HIS OWN ROOM! 



Jason had never had his own room before. Even when he lived with his parents. They always took the one bedroom in the house and he'd have to sleep on the floor somewhere. Sometimes when he broke into houses he'd sleep in someone's room but that was until he heard someone. Now, he had his own room and he could stay in it for as long as he liked.



The room wasn't decorated (by Bruce's standards) but it had all the stuff a bedroom should, a bed, a closet, a drawer thing, a shower ...THERE WAS A SHOWER?! He could barely believe it. There was a shower in his room. A real shower with running water. With running hot water.



Only rich people had hot water, they made you pay an extra 5 dollars for heating your water, if getting plumping wasn't already expensive enough. Barely anyone had any access to a shower let alone a place to stay. 



This was a rare opportunity and Jason was going to take full advantage of it. 



Jason hadn't taken a Bath since he was a baby. He didn't really remember it but his mom she did. She had always complained to him about how hard it was finding water, then how he'd still cry afterwards. Then she would call him an ungrateful brat even though that happened years ago and he had no memory of it but, whatever. Not like he cared, she was dead now. 



He must've fallen asleep because the next thing he knew someone was banging on the door. 



“What the fu** are you doing?! You're shaking the whole room!” He yelled, he knew exactly who it was. 



“Sorry you weren't responding so I was worried.” 



“God! You can give me space, you know!’



As nice as the room was a problem that he didn't even think about was Bruce. He'd been following him around everywhere, showering him in gifts. As nice as getting stuff was, it was starting to overwhelm him with getting no space to himself. 



For some reason Bruce had this idea in his head that he was some sad helpless little orphan boy and while it's a good thing to use to his advantage, it was starting to get annoying. Correction, it was already annoying he'd just been trying to keep himself from full on attacking Bruce. It was harder said than done when he was just so clueless about everything. He once asked him if people wash their hair with soap, soap.  



Another problem with Bruce was that he thought just because their rooms were right next to each other, he could just randomly barge into the room. Without even knocking! It triggered his fight or flight response every time. Of course it wasn't anything new but it sure as heck was annoying.



In fact he did it seven times just the other day. Yes he counted. Recently though, he's just been hiding whenever he heard Bruce coming. But he wasn't sure how long it would be until Bruce would finally find him, he was Batman after all he had to give me some credit.



Whenever he did hide and Bruce came in he always looked a bit panicked. It was… weird . He almost felt bad. He didn't know why though.The only reason Jason ever did talk to Bruce was because he was bored. 

 

.

.

.



 When he wasn’t being bombarded (He learned that word from Alfred) by Bruce he “explored” the manor. Even though he was so well behaved he was pretty sure Alfred caught onto what he was really doing when he one day materialized from thin air to stop him from getting his carpets dirty after he had been attempting to get into the vents. 



Alfred was…weird to say the least. So he didn’t know if Alfred was actually worried about him going into the vents or was just worried about his carpets, but it was creepy either way. It’s like he had a sixth sense for everything that was happening. 



For example, when Bruce and him were in the kitchen, Bruce was attempting to make grilled cheese, Alred was nowhere in sight. Apparently Bruce was banned from using the stove, for unspoken reasons, but it was clear that there must’ve been some sort of fire due to the slight charcoal look on the edges of the wall by the stove.



 So they resorted to using the microwave. Jason had never used a microwave before, neither had Bruce but he hadn’t said that at the time. Bruce ended up setting the timer for twenty minutes, in those twenty minutes Alfred randomly ran in with a fire extinguisher and right before the inside of the microwave burst out into flames.



It was a mystery on how Alfred had known they needed a fire extinguisher let alone were even in the kitchen, but that was Alfred for you.  



Neither of them ended up getting in trouble, thankfully . He trusted Alfred more than he did Bruce but he also feared Alfred more than he feared Bruce. He used to think it was really weird how Alfred and Bruce treated each other, it was really far from the classic “Master-Servant” relationship in books. If they were in a book right now Alfred would seem like both. And Bruce was the annoying child. It was almost like they were a family.



Wait, was that what it was? They were a family? They weren't even blood related, yet they…why did they seem so…?



 It didn't make sense. Bruce's real parents were dead! Yet, he treated Alfred as if he were his dad all along.



Jason was from a world where it was “learn to fend for yourself or die” the idea that someone would willingly take in another and take care of him, it was unheard of. This went against everything Jason had ever learned. Yet, here Bruce and Alfred were and for some reason, it made him feel something he hadn’t felt for a long time, hope. 



The next few days were pretty uneventful, well that’s what it would seem like on the outside. But actually, Jason had been slowly mapping out the entire manor. Most of the manor had cameras so avoiding them would be really hard, but if he was careful enough he should be fine.  



He had honestly been planning to do this way earlier but after hearing Bruce was going to go out as Batman again he knew it was too good of a chance to pass up. With Bruce being out of the house and Alfred distracted, he could escape the house before anyone noticed. It was perfect.



When he heard the sound of the batmobile he grabbed his backpack and ran. He had to get to the east wing, before the cameras turned back on. Every night they reset at 10pm, it was in case they were deactivated or something by someone. So that gave him five minutes to get across the manor. When he reached the east wing he would have to open the window next to the tree in the backyard. What would happen next was self explanatory.



It was a simple plan really. He just had to get to the window in time. Then he'd be history. It was easy . 

 

.

.

.

 

He could do it.

 

.

.

.

 

He could do it?

 

.

.

.

 

Why did he want to do this? 



So that he could escape the kidnappers



But Bruce and Alfred had done nothing bad to him.



They kidnapped him



They said they just wanted to help, and they have. They gave him food and were helping his injuries heal. In fact this was the healthiest he'd ever been.



They were using him



What for? What would they have to gain from him? Bruce already had everything.



They wouldn’t care if he left anyways… 



The whole reason he was here was because they wanted to help him. If they didn't care why did they spend so much time helping him? Why did Alfred look so genuine when he smiled at him? Why did Bruce look so worried every time he couldn't find him? 



…



They cared for him, that's the reason. 



No! They didn't! It was fake! It had to be 



But what if it wasn't?



What if…it wasn’t? Jason stopped, he hadn't allowed himself to think like that the whole time he's been here. So, why now? 



Why when he was finally at the stupid window?! 



Why had he finally gotten hope?




Jason didn't know exactly what had happened but somehow he had ended up in the Batcave. 



Alfred’s voice was laced with concern, “Young master, whatever is the matter?” He felt something hot roll off of his face. Oh. He was crying. Why was he crying?



Alfred pulled him into his lap and hugged him. He was treating him like a child. He was a child.



Alfred asked him again what happened but he still didn’t respond. But here in Alfred’s arms he felt safe.



He really wanted to stay. So why can't he?!  He didn’t want to be alone anymore in that god awful place. 



Jason’s head hurt, he didn’t want to think anymore. Everything was just so confusing and his world felt like it was flip upside down. He was supposed to not trust Alfred or Bruce, everything in his body was screaming for him to not to, except he wanted to trust them. Alfred’s hug was warm, so he leaned into it. Maybe if he just focused on the warmth the arguing in his head would stop. 



But, the arguing didn’t stop and it got especially bad when Bruce came back. He didn’t know what to do anymore, his thoughts were all conflicting and it made his head hurt. He just wanted everything to be quiet but his thoughts wouldn’t stop arguing. 



He barely noticed it until he felt the hand on his head. Alfred had handed him off to Bruce. 



If he really cared he would have stayed



He does care! Alfred- 



“Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!” Jason yelled repeatedly, he started to rock back and forth. He didn't want to think anymore; it made things too hard, too confusing. 



“Jason? Jason are you alright?” Bruce’s voice finally registered. He didn’t even notice Bruce had been talking this whole time. 



He looked up at Bruce’s concern. He didn’t know if it was genuine or not but Bruce's presence made him feel better. Even though he didn't know why.



“I know you’ve been having a hard time here. And, I don’t want to cause you any more trouble, so, if you want to go back home. I will take you back.” Home? That he**hole was most certainly not his home. Jason knew this whole time he’d been trying to escape but, really thinking about it, did he actually want to go back to the streets? He was practically writing a death sentence for himself. 



The more he thought about it the more his head hurt, the only thing that didn’t make him hurt was the warmth from being in someone's arms, it made him feel safe . So, Jason did something he was probably going to regret. “No” It was almost a whisper but still audible. 



Bruce smiled, “Okay, but if you want to, you can always change your mind.” 



The way Bruce smiled at him made his heart feel nice.

 

As much as it hurt his head he couldn't stop thinking.  Was he wrong all along? Did Bruce actually care about him? He wanted to know but at the same time he didn't. Because, if he did, he was scared that his heart would be shattered again.
Notes:

    Hiii everyone thanks for reading!! Honestly I'm in such a good mood that you would've never guessed I had a creativity crisis.

    What's a creativity crisis you ask? Well it's a little something I call when I feel like everything I write is trash and my intrusive thought make me want to restart the whole work.

    Don't worry though! My friend read my fic and she said that it looked really well written and honestly no idea if she was just tryna be nice or anything but it really made me feel happy!

    Anyways, if you have any questions about the characters or the chapter feel free to ask! I'm basically down to answer anything (expect stuff that could spoil future chapters, like which kid is next)

Chapter 7: Cat got his tongue
Summary:

    Bruce is happy
    Jason is jealous
    And Alfred is just there in the background

Notes:

    Okay so sorry if this chapter is a bit fast paced.
    I'm using this chapter for just getting a few things out of the way that I have been meaning to write in but just have been getting carried away with other chapter ideas.
    Also the Chapter name might not make sense until the end

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Jason isn't sure how to feel, he's been out of it since his breakdown. Nothing really felt real like it was some dream or something . It was weird, he didn't like it.



Bruce had stayed by his side since that day, he must've gotten time off work or something. Not that he was even sure Bruce actually went to work in the first place. 



Even though he didn't respond, Bruce would talk to him. While he didn't really pay attention during these conversations he always was acutely aware of what was happening around him. While Bruce never actually did anything that could ring alarm bells in his head, he did realize today Bruce had been fidgeting a lot.



Bruce never fidgeted, he always sat straight and still. It probably has something to do with him being a rich kid. 



Something even more suspicious was when Bruce randomly just disappeared later that day. It seemed almost out of character for him with how much time he was around him.



Without Bruce he was utterly bored. Even though he always got annoyed with Bruce following him around, at least he was entertaining. 



He did even up coming across Alfred but he was busy. So Jason just resorted to helping him clean the Batcave. It was insanely messy. There where papers and documents everywhere. Any organization Bruce had tried to make was nearly invisible. He could tell there was different piles of papers but none of them were stacked. As he was trying to straighten  out the piles he heard a voice. 



“My papers!” 



Jason turned to find himself face to face with Bruce. He rolled his eyes. “Well ya should try to be more organized.”



  “I know where everything is though, isn't that enough ?” It wasn't until Bruce crouched down to look at the papers that Jason realized he wasn't alone. There was a tiny child behind him.



There was a kid with Bruce.



 A kid with Bruce.



 He had been replaced. 



Jason knew good things never last long but he really let himself get his hopes up too high this time. He had tried so hard to protect himself and yet, he still got hurt in the end. 



He should've just left when he had the chance. But that would've hurt him too. 





Jason didn't like the kid. He was way too well behaved. It reminded him of those rich a**hole kids that make fun of the street kids. Even though he hadn't said anything he felt like he was taunting him.



“He's not helpless ya know.” Jason complained.



Alfred raised an eyebrow, “He's only four Young Master. I do believe that, that is the age you are, as you say it, “babied”” 



“When I was his age I was fending for myself!” Jason resorted. He was laying down on his bed it wasn't like he had anything better to do while Alfred cleaned. The room didn't look messy until you started searching the drawers and found the random bags of food. Jason had a habit of hoarding stuff and hiding it, Alfred was trying to help him break it (probably because it was such an inconvenience). 



Alfred stopped and placed a hand on his shoulder. “But you shouldn't have had to. The new Young Master has suffered a lot and the best thing we can do is try to make him feel comfortable.” Jason bit his lip. He knew Bruce was probably only trying to do the right thing; he was a hero after all. 



“But he still doesn't have to follow Bruce around everywhere! They're insep- inseppa- they never leave each other's side!” 



“Well, Master Bruce just wants to help him get adjusted.” No matter how much what Alfred said made sense he still didn't like the kid.



Jason just needed to down this hall and then- “Jason, I need to talk to you for a second.” F*ck he almost made it to his room. He could make a run for it but at the sight of Bruce holding the hand of that kid he found himself frozen. It was like they couldn't be separated or something. 



“What is it, old man?” He scoffed.



“I want to ask something of you.”



“What is it?” Here it comes, the price for staying here. He knew there was no way he could stay here without strings attached. 



“You see, I'm trying to make a family. At first I was just going to bring you back to your universe but, since you said you wanted to stay, l’ve been thinking. Do you want to be part of my family?” 



“What.” 



“Do you want to be part of my family?” 



“That's it?” 



“Ya?” 



“I always knew rich people were delusional, but I didn't know it was this crazy!” Jason laughed. “You took me in so I could be part of yur family!” The kid flinched and hid behind Bruce's leg while Bruce just stood there looking genuinely confused.



“What? It's not weird to make a family by adopting” Bruce crossed his arms.



“Yur taking kids from other universes though. That's not the same as adopting, but, if all ya want is for me to be part of yur ‘family’ I'll do it.” He wasn't expecting for Bruce to ask for such a simple thing, normally people would demand way more, but of course, Bruce wasn't normal. But he wasn't complaining, all he had to do was just play family to get food water and shelter, it was a total win. 



“Really?!” Bruce looked way too happy. Eh rich people didn't make sense 



“Ya” Jason shrugged, now that he knows the reason Bruce took him in he actually felt safer. He was always worried for when Bruce would suddenly surprise him with what he wanted in return. Even though Bruce had said he wanted nothing in return, who could believe that? Humans were selfish, that's one thing you could always count on.



“Thank you so much uh- kid? I don't think I ever got your name.” Bruce smiled sheepishly. Oh fu** that's right! Had Bruce really just been calling him ‘kid’ this whole time? Why hadn't he just asked when he arrived?



“Jason, that's my name.” 



“You're Jason Todd!” 



“How do you know my last name?!” The fact that Bruce knew his last name and not his first was suspicious.



“Well you see I've been trying to find a Jason Todd for my family-” 



“Wait, so you're looking for certain people to be your ‘family’?” 



“Well I'm just trying to get the same kids the other Bruce's have.”



The other Bruce’s kids? He did remember Dick Grayson being Bruce's kid in his universe but he didn't know that he also could've been his son too. He didn't even know if he would want to, his universe's Bruce was an a**hole.



Wait, why did Bruce care about what kids the other Bruce's have? “Hold on, don't tell me you're jealous.”



“I'm not!” Bruce tried to defend. 



“Oh my god you're trying to make a family because you're jealous!!” Jason laughed. 



“I'm not! I don't get lonely sometimes but I'm not jealous!” 



“Then why are you going for the same kids?” Jason smirked. 



“Well…they were just perfect candidates.” Bruce nodded as if he were agreeing with his explanation. 





After that day the tense air between Bruce and Jason cleared up but, the same can't be said about the ‘new kid’. 



Jason knew that this kid was going to be his ‘brother’ (if he did stay) so he should probably just deal with it, but he couldn't bring himself to be around him. It was annoying seeing him cling to Bruce and Alfred following their every move and when they weren't around he just huddled himself into a corner. 



Alfred said that he was jealous which he was immediately offended by. Why on earth would he be jealous of the boy? What was there to even be jealous of? The kid was skinny and small. Small was an understatement; the kid was the tiniest one he'd ever seen. He wouldn't last a day out in the real world. 



Jason made it his mission to completely avoid the boy. The only problem was that Jason was hungry. Alfred went out shopping and Bruce was doing whatever rich people did as a job. So that left a chance of him running into the kid. It wasn't the starving hunger he used to feel so he was just going to let it pass but his survival instincts must've thought he was on the streets again because he started looking around for food.

 

When he made it to the kitchen low and behold the kid was there too. Just his luck. 



At the sight of Jason the kid shrunk back away from the counter. It was unusual seeing the kid walk around without anyone around. Jason realized he must be hungry to, as he had been trying to climb up the counter using the cabinet handles and steps. 



Jason jumped onto the counter it wasn't his fault these counters were too da** tall . He looked back at the kid, he looked so timid with his shoulders hunched over, looking up at him with those big blue eyes. 



Oh fu** it, “Hey Tiny!” The kid flinched. “Do ya want cereal?” He hesitated for a moment before quickly nodding. He handed the box to Tiny as he started to search the cabinets for bowls. When he looked back he saw Tiny grabbing handfuls of the cereal and shoving it into his mouth. 



“Hey!” Tiny flinched and froze. “That's not how yur supposed to eat it!” He grabbed the box from Tiny and placed it on the table. He grabbed the milk and placed a bowl in front of Tiny. “Ok, listen up,” He grabbed the cereal. “I'm gonna put the cereal into this bowl then I'm going to pour the milk in. Always remember to pour the cereal FIRST then the milk. Only psychopaths pour the milk first.” Tiny tilted his head looking a bit confused. “If you pour the milk then ya might have too much milk left over.” Jason explained. 



They ate in silence, and it was way more awkward when you considered the only thing you could hear was the crunching from the cereal. Jason coughed trying to fill the silence. Tiny flinched.



“So…Tiny, where ya from?” As much as Jason didn't like being around the kid he was bored as he** and he couldn't deal with this weird silence anymore.



Tiny tilted his head not answering his question, that's when it hit him. Had he ever actually heard Tiny talk? The whole time he had been here he hadn't even heard his voice once.



“Do you not ...talk?” Jason had heard about kids who didn't talk but he hadn't actually met one before. What was the word? Oh ya mute. “Kid, are you mute?”



 Tiny just tilted his head. Maybe he was deaf? No, he had responded to him by nodding a few times. Unless he was reading lips…but then why wouldn't he respond now?



Maybe he should ask more basic questions? He was only four after all. “Where were ya before this Tiny?” 



Tiny tilted his head again but this time he pointed to his face. Then Jason noticed something he hadn't seen before, there was a scar on both sides of his mouth. It made it look like he was smiling.



He had seen something that looked like that only once before…“You were with the joker?” 



Tiny nodded. 



Oh. Oh fu**. Now Jason felt bad. “How….how long?” 



Tiny stretched his arms out, as if saying ‘This long'.



 It made Jason smile. The kid still had his childish innocence even though he was probably traumatized. “Yur pretty young, do ya remember anything from before ya were with him. ” 



Tiny nodded. That was good, he knew that kids forget things easily after a long time. So the fact that he still remembered stuff from before then meant he hadn't been there for very long. 



“How'd you end up with him ?” Jason knew he shouldn't push but something but the Joker having such a small kid didn't sit right with him. It was totally on brand for the Joker but it still seemed weird. 



Tiny thought for a moment before grabbing an invisible object and pushing it away from him. 



Was he trying to act something out? Was he supposed to recognize the action? What exactly was going on? “Uhhh, kid, I don't understand. Are ya tryna act something out?” 



Tiny nodded then he pointed to himself this time then made the pushing motion again. 



“Uhhh something to do with you?” 



Tiny nodded and made the pushing motion. 



“Kid, I don't get it.” 



Tiny paused before grabbing the cereal box. He pointed to himself then the cereal box.



“You are the cereal box…?” 



Tiny nodded. Okay this was getting weird. Then he pushed the cereal towards Jason. 



“You're giving me cereal?” 



Tiny shook his head then pointed to his face then Jason. 



He couldn't be saying that Jason was Tiny because the cereal box was Tiny. So, it had to be something about his face that symbolizes something. Tiny had blue eyes, but a lot of people had blue eyes, the same thing with his black hair. Wait…there was the smile. Only one other person had that smile. “I'm the Joker!” He exclaimed way too happily. 



Tiny nodded. Then he did the motions of pushing the box towards him again. 



If the cereal box was Tiny and he was the Joker, then what did this stand for. It seemed like Tiny was giving him the cereal. Wait, giving? “Were you given to the Joker?”



Tim nodded. Then he pointed to the sticker on the box that said the price. 



“You were given to the Joker….for money?” Suddenly Jason felt sick. Who would sell a f*cking child to the Joker?
Notes:

    HAHA I've done it again! I wrote a whole chapter in 1 day! ....I hated doing that...

    Anyways sorry for the mistakes I only proofread this once and sorry if the ending seems a bit uh like a weird place to end. I really wanted to end another way I just didn't have time to come up with one.

    Now, I think I did a pretty good job of hinting who new kid is even though I haven't said his name yet. Or maybe you all just don't know who it is anyways and I did I terrible job.

    Anyways! Thank you so much for getting me to 118 kudos and 2,402 reads! ....At least I think the hits are the amount of people that have read it...I still don't really understand the AO3 controls but I'm getting used to it! I haven't tried to post the chapter in the notes again!

Chapter 8: I choose to live in darkness
Summary:

    Tim just does what he's told

Notes:

    And I'm back with another weekly chapter for ya'll! Once again this was only proofread once so sorry if there's any spelling errors!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It was dark. He didn't like the dark.



 His eyes were now adjusted and he could see the faint outline of the items in the room. 



There was a bed, a table in front of the bed, a table with drawers and a smaller table with drawers. They probably weren't called tables at all but that was all he knew. 



Then some light came in, only part of it came through the curtain and shone on the carpet red floor.



He didn't like the light. He disliked it more than the dark, he hated the light . The light hurt. The dark did not, but it made him remember.



Then a bunch of light poured into the room. Someone had opened the door. He remained still. 



“Tiny,” 



He had a lot of names, this one was only used by one person though, the boy . Bruce said that the boy was named Jason. He knew a Jason before, they were stuck in the same room for a while.



 He knew the Joker was going to kill him. He only put Jason in there so that they could become close and then he would hurt him by killing him.



 Even though he knew this, he felt bad for the boy. The boy promised him they would both get out together, he knew that would never happen but he played along. They would talk about what they would do when they got out. He may have gotten a bit too close to him because when he died he felt like his heart broke.



This Jason was different from the one he knew. This Jason was loud and wasn't afraid. The other Jason was quiet as if he was afraid of talking too loud and was afraid of everything. 



He missed his Jason. He knew he shouldn't, but he did anyway. 



“Tiny do you want to go outside with me?” Jason's tone had a sort of attitude to it, as if he was trying to be rude.



He nodded. It wasn't like he could say no.



“Okay let's go then!” Now Jason seemed excited, it was weird considering he seemed upset just a moment before. Jason grabbed his arm and pulled him along, a motion he was all too used to. 



The hallways were long and white and some were covered in pictures. His parents also did this, from what he gathered it had something to do with bragging . 



“Master Jason I do hope you stop manhandling Master Tim.” A voice spoke from behind. He recognized the term ‘Master’, people would call his parents that but Tim himself had never been addressed in this way, except by one person, Alfred.



Alfred seemed nice, but of course a few days wasn't enough to judge someone's character.



“I'm not manhandling him Alf.” Jason scoffed. “I'm just makin him go faster cause he's got too short legs.”



“Don't you think you could be more gentle, Master Jason?” Alfred insisted. Jason scoffed once again but it was clear he got the message. 



Jason moved his hold over to his hand and pulled him towards the door outside.



“Hold on young Masters, you aren't going outside without breakfast now are you?” Alfred gestured over to the places on the table. He had seen the plates already but he hadn't known they were for them. 



Jason did a full 360 at the mention of food. In a blink of an eye Jason was already sitting at the table eating. 



He looked at Alfred trying to confirm that he could indeed eat the food. When Alfred nodded he climbed onto the chair and stared down at the food. It had been awhile since he had eaten with silverware. He tried to remember what his parents taught him. 



He was eating a pancake so he should probably use a fork and knife. Since pancakes were like bread they would probably be tough to cut. So the best option would be the dinner knife and dinner fork. While this meal was breakfast it should be acceptable to eat with the dinner tableware since this didn't really classify as a dessert. 



…Or did it? He didn't exactly remember what classification pancakes were. They were bread and most desserts were bread based too. Except this was usually eaten as a breakfast food if he remembered correctly. So the dinner silverware should be fine. 

 

.



.

 

.



But was it really fine? He didn't know anything about these people's punishments. They'd all been pretty nice so far but only time could tell to see how long that stayed. All it could take is one mess up and they'd all hate him. When his mother got mad at him she would hit him, her long nails would scratch his skin and sometimes she would pinch him forcing her nails into his skin. It wasn't the worst punishment but it still hurt. 



Lost , he looked at Jason only to find him holding up the pancakes with his hands as the sticky syrup poured off the pancake and coated his fingers. 



Tim was stunned. Alfred wasn't back in the room just yet, so maybe if he was fast he could get Jason to eat right before he got in trouble.



Tim slightly pushed Jason and shoved a fork towards him. Jason raised an eyebrow. As if he was contemplating what he was trying to say. It should be pretty easy to put together. He pushed his fork closer towards Jason’s plate.



Jason had to have gotten the hint by now. As he made the ‘O’ shape with his mouth. He looked over to Tim and then shrugged and continued eating with his hands. Tim was just about to force the fork into Jason's hands when he realized Alfred was already back. It was too late.



“Master Jason please eat with your silverware.” Jason rolled his eyes and Tim braced himself. 



“It’s not a big deal.” Jason waved his hand, as if shoo-ing the comment away. 



“While it may not be for you, I would prefer you not drip syrup on my tablecloth.”  Alfred motioned to the tablecloth where there were little puddles of syrup. 



Jason let out a groan before picking up a SALAD fork and stabbing it into the pancake. Tim looked over to Alfred to see if he was going to address it but Alfred just smiled. It didn't make sense, why was Jason not in trouble? 



Was Jason higher ranked than him? He thought that Jasona and him would be placed around the same on the power structure, as Bruce had told him that he was also ‘adopted’. But he must've guessed wrong.



“Okay! I'm done! C’mon Tiny let's go.” Jason hopped off his chair and motioned for him to come over. 



“Hold on Master Jason I don't think Master Tim is done eating.” Alfred cut in, his voice still as calm as ever. Tim looked down at his plate. He still had two pancakes on his plate but since Jason was done he had to be done too. 



So, he shook his head and let Jason drag him out the door. Outside was bright, it hurt , it really hurt.  



It was worse than the light coming in through the windows in the house. It hurt more than that. He knew he had to keep his eyes open, he had to. But it was so painful, he couldn't help but cover his eyes with his hands.



“Okay,” Jason clapped his hands together. It was loud. “Hm, what should we do…” Jason’s voice was switching between sounding close and then far again, so he must be pacing. “Yur legs are too short to play tag. Hmm what other games am I good at…AHA!” Jason stopped pacing and put his hands on his shoulders making him flinch, but Jason's hands firmly stayed on his shoulders. 



Tim uncovered his eyes and squinted up at Jason. Now Jason was blocking the sun, so his eyes didn't hurt as much, but it still was bright. 



“Okay! I'll be the hider!” Jason ran off before Tim could stop him. What was hide and seek? Jason mentioned it was a game, but Tim had never played this game before. So Tim decided to take clues from the name. 



Seek meant to look for something and since Jason said he was the “hider” then he was probably supposed to look for Jason. 



Okay, this should be easy. 



He had seen Jason run towards the trees. So he started out in that direction. The only problem was that it was even brighter than it was before and his eyes really hurt . He tried to squint and shield the sun from his face but light still made it through. 



Thankfully Jason didn't hide that far and ended up just hiding in a tree. “How’d ya find me so fast!” It was pretty easy to find him as he had heard rustling in the trees as Jason was presumably climbing up the trees, when he was approaching. But Tim knew that this would take a long time to communicate so he just shrugged. 



“Well! Ya haven't won yet! Ya have to touch me for it to count!” Jason crossed his arms and he seemed a bit upset. Did he not want to be found? Should he stay down here? Jason told him to climb up but he didn't want him to be angry. “Are ya gonna try to climb or what?” Jason yelled down. He still seemed upset but if Jason kept telling him to climb up he should climb up. 



Tim had never climbed a tree before, it was hard. The bark was slippery and his short legs didn't help. When he would try to grab onto bark some of it would break off or would scrape his hand. The light definitely wasn't helping. He wanted to stop, but he couldn't, he had been ordered to play the game so he had to play it right. 



Then everything started to go blurry, the sun constantly blinding him and he felt something. He knew he had felt this before but he couldn't remember what it was. Then everything was white.




The lamp above blinded him, it hurt. He didn't like the lamp. It was so bright that even when he turned away it could still be seen.



He heard voices.



They sounded familiar. 



Someone grabbed him.



He knew better than to flinch this time.



A figure walked closer to him, he was smiling. 



He reached his hand out toward him, casting a shadow on his face 



He was scared.



He was so scared. 



He didn't mean to leave.



He didn't mean it. 



He was sorry.



He was really sorry.



But more than anything he was scared.



So as the hand cast a shadow on his face, he bit down.



He knew he shouldn't but he had to.



So he let himself stay. 



He didn't stop when the hand tried to pull back.



He didn't stop when he tasted blood.



He didn't stop when someone began to pull him away. 



He didn't stop.



He couldn't stop. 
Notes:

    Heyyy so just so ya'll know, I'm working on the other part to this series, not like another chapter or anything, it's a spin off if you will. Don't worry I'll still post weekly, and the series is nowhere near over, this is just like a separate project. Now, while I have already started on it if you have any requests or suggestions of what other "spin offs" of this story I should write, I'll gladly take them! (Also don't expect the story to come out too soon, like it probably won't come out this year)

    Anyways I just wanted to get that out of the way! I hope you all enjoyed the chapter I'm so glad so many people like my writing ❤️❤️❤️!!!

    (Tbh this isn't my best work I'm happy with the beginning and the end I just think I could've expanded more on Tim)

Chapter 9: Don't blame yourself
Summary:

    Hear what ACUTALLY happened after Tim climbed the tree

Notes:

    Hey everyone new chapter is here :]

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Bruce hated meetings. He would rather be at home doing something actually productive, like being Batman or doing activities with the kids.



However, he had been missing so many days at work, and even though he did run the company there were some meetings he was required to go to. If he didn’t, then they would keep postponing it until he was in office.



Today's meeting was something about stocks, but he just couldn't bring himself to listen. They all were basically just repeating the same thing but saying it a bit differently. Sometimes he wondered how his parents ever felt motivated to do this job.



Bored, Bruce let his mind wander back to the kids. Jason seemed set on avoiding Tim, which was going to be an issue if it continued. He knew Jason was a good kid; he just needed time to warm up to Tim and then it should be fine. 



Tim however, he couldn’t really tell what he thought of the situation. Tim had never really shown much emotion. Even when he first met Tim he still hadn't shown much emotion other than fear. But he did go willingly with Bruce, so that was something.  



When he brung him home he followed him around even though he was clearly afraid. It was completely different from what Jason had done. With Tim so afraid of him, he probably wouldn’t be warming up to him anytime soon. So maybe he could try to get Jason to hang around him. That was, of course, if he could get Jason to willingly be around Tim.



Maybe he could put together a bonding exercise, like taking them out somewhere. Maybe the park? That could be a good idea, he hadn’t taken the boys outside of the property yet and- 



  Oh wait, the reason why he hadn’t taken them out yet was because he hadn't publicly introduced Jason or Tim. If he went out before introducing them all sorts of rumors could form. While he didn’t really care for rumors in general, rumors get 100x worse when it’s about children and he would attract more attention then he already has (and it wasn’t good attention). 



When the meeting was finally over he rushed home, some people tried to stop him so that they could talk to him but he just acted oblivious to it and continued to rush home.



Home, where the things that actually mattered were. 



He couldn’t wait to see the boys again. Knowing Jason, he must’ve stayed in his room reading, while Tim was probably hiding in a corner somewhere waiting for him to be back. 



This was the first time he’d been away for a full day, while he had been starting to go to work more often he had been going half-days.  The boys must’ve missed him. He was fully prepared for the boys to run up and jump on him when he was at the door.



He may have gotten a bit over excited because he actually rang the doorbell instead of just using his key. He was there for a good five minutes before he actually did open the door. 



Bruce was a bit disappointed but after he thought about it, it made sense. Alfred was probably busy cleaning or doing whatever else butlers did, and Jason, (if he actually had missed him) probably would try to pretend that he didn’t miss him.



Bruce nodded to himself, this explanation making more sense the more he thought about it. Everyone was probably just doing their own thing, and they’d welcome him back once they saw him. 



The only problem was, he couldn’t find anyone. Alfred was not in his usual spots and Jason wasn’t in his room. And he had no idea where Tim had gone off to. 



They could always be somewhere else in the manor, but it was extremely weird to not only not see them but to also not hear them. Today was supposed to be a vacuuming day, if Alfred still followed the schedule he used last year (which he probably did because he used it every year).



Bruce was a bit worried now, he knew the manor was big, but he couldn't wait any longer. Alfred would've told him if they decided to go out. He decided the best course of action would be to check the security cameras. No, it wasn't a privacy invasion if he just wanted to make sure they were okay. 



However he didn't even need to check the cameras. For when he went into the Batcave, he saw lights on in the Medicine room. While he was relieved to see Jason sitting in the corner he quickly became concerned again. Why was Jason sitting in the corner in the medicine room?



“Hey Jason?” Jason looked up a bit startled, that was unlike him. “What's going on?” Then, all hell broke loose. 



“I- Ididn'meantoIswearitInevereantedthistohapp'n!” All Jason's words were jumbled up and Jason had seemingly been sent into a frenzy. “I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry” 



“Jason, could you talk slower please, I can't understand you.” Even while he talked Jason continued the ‘I'm sorry's. When Bruce stepped forward to try to comfort Jason, he flinched so hard he fell off the chair and pressed himself to the wall. 



“I'M SORRY I SWEAR! Pleasepleasepleaseplease” 



“Please what Jason?” Jason pushed himself farther against the wall, that's when Bruce realized his mistake, he had been cornering him. Bruce immediately crouched down to Jason level and backed up a bit.



Jason seemed a bit less stiff but he continued talking, his voice a bit softer this time. “Please don' throw me out, I swear I didn' mean for it to happ’n.” Jason's voice cracked and his bottom lip trembled. 



“Jason, I'm not going to throw you out just because you made a mistake,” even if he had no idea what the mistake was. “Look Jason, everyone makes mistakes and no matter how big it is I'll always give you a second chance.” 



“You promise?” And for that moment Bruce swears that he was in front of a child. Bruce knew Jason had been a child the whole time, but this, this, was the first time he had seen Jason genuinely act like one. 



“I promise.” Bruce smiled down at him and Jason sniffled. 



“I- I hurt Tim,” 



Bruce’s eyes went wide. “What.” He knew Jason hadn’t really shown a liking to Tim but he hadn’t actually thought- 



“You promiseddd, I knew you’d be mad.” Jason sobbed. 



That’s right, he did promise and he didn’t know the full story. It probably was just an accident. “Look Jason, I’m not mad I’m just surprised, could you tell me what happened?” 



“We were playing hide and seek and I went into a tree to hide it- it was really stupid- I said he had to touch me to find me and he- he- HE FELL” Jason started crying hysterically. 



“Look Jason I’m going to touch you okay?” Jason didn’t give an affirmation that he heard, as Jason had wrapped his arms protectively around himself and looked down. Bruce slowly put his hand down on Jason’s back and slowly began to rub his back up and down. “Jason, I’m not mad, it sounds like what happened was just an accident and you hadn’t meant for Tim to get hurt. You were only playing a game you didn’t know that Tim would’ve fallen.” 



“But I should’ve known! I should’ve known he was too short to climb a tree!” 



“But you didn’t Jason, you can’t blame yourself for something you didn’t know would happen.” 



Jason began to calm his breathing after a few minutes but he continued to cry. Then some beeping could be heard and Alfred came in and looked at the bed on the other side of the room. 



“He’s awake,” Alfred stated. 



Both Bruce and Jason rushed over to the bed. 



Bruce was so glad he was able to refrain from showing emotions because god , There was so much blood. He turned to Alfred, he wanted to express his worry but he also didn’t want to upset Jason. Thankfully Alfred took the hint. 



“I’ve already x-rayed him, there was no signs of brain trauma, but I suspect he does have a concussion.” 



Bruce couldn’t believe he let something like this happen, he had meant to help the boys and give them a better life but it seems like he just messed it up more. 



Tim’s eyes were glossed over and even though they were a bit open it didn’t seem like he was really there. “Tim? Can you hear me buddy?”Bruce reached out to move some of the hair from covering Tim’s face. When suddenly Tim jerked upwards and bit him. He grimaced, while Tim’s teeth weren’t sharp they sure did hurt.



 “Tim?” Jason looked horrified. Alfred looked stunned. 



He tried to pull away from Tim, but he only bit deeper. “Tim? It’s me Bruce,” 



When he realized Bruce couldn’t pull away, Jason tried to pull Tim back towards the bed but it wasn’t until Alfred also started pulling Tim that they actually got him to release. But that didn’t stop Tim’s teeth from dragging against his skin as they pulled him away. 



Bruce’s hand was seriously bloody, so as he sat on the counter, Alfred disinfected it. It was silent. 



“Why did Tim bite you?” A timid voice spoke up, making Bruce feel even worse. Jason, the poor boy he had already gone through so much today. Bruce wished he could answer his question but he didn’t know the answer. 



“I think I know why,” Alfred answered. Bruce and Jason looked towards him. “You see, I’ve noticed that Master Tim seems to be sensitive to light. With the light right above him, paired with the concussion, I think that Tim activated his fight or flight response.”



That actually made sense . If Bruce thought back to it Tim always did seem to flinch when a bright light was present. He just passed it off as Tim being nervous but he probably should have read into it more. 



Now Bruce felt even worse. “I’m sorry Jason, this wouldn’t have happened if I had paid more attention to Tim’s behavior, as the adult who took you in, it's my responsibility. 



Jason bit his lip, “No, it’s not your fault.” 



“But I should’ve known-” 



“No, ya can’t blame yurself for something ya wouldn't have known would happen.”



Bruce looked at Jason. “But I-” 



“I also should’ve realized that Tim would’ve gotten hurt but you said it wasn’t my fault.”



‘Because it wasn’t-” 



Jason raised a hand to silence him. “Since we both want to be at fault, why don’t we just split the blame 50/50 ‘kay?”



Bruce smiled softly, “Okay.”
Notes:

    I know this chapter mostly just focused on one moment usually I try to add in more "events" in a chapter but this week I wasn't extremely motivated probably because I was just busy this whole week. But I hope you all liked it anyways.

    We're heading into uncharted territory here, before I started posting the chapters I wrote a lot of the story before-hand however now I'm at the end of those chapters. But don't worry I won't lose motivation just yet! Next week is also a busy week, but after that I will focus on writing!

Chapter 10: You are forgiven for what you haven't done
Summary:

    Tim wakes up and doesn't know what happened

Notes:

    Okay so, I know I told ya'll I might not post cause Christmas and all that but I did end up having time to write this.....who am I kidding I sat down in bed and wrote from 12 am to 1 am and called it a day. Sorry if my nighttime brain made any mistakes I did try to fix any I could find before posting but they are probably still in there somewhere.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It was less bright. 



There was something covering his eyes, he could still see with it on but it made everything darker. Tim liked it. 



Tim didn't recognize the room he was in. It was white, it reminded him of his parents room with the white bed and counters, but there were also machines in the room which quickly reminded him this wasn’t. 



There were two machines in the room, one was white while the other one was gray.



The white machine would let out a beep every once and awhile. It must be important, important machines made noise.



The gray machine was flat and was pressed against the wall on top of the counter. There was also a bottom part to it, which was seemingly holding it up against the wall, as it was laid out straight in front of it. It didn't really look all that important and he was pretty sure he saw dust on it. 



He was more interested in the white machine. It was tall and had a body that looked like a stick. A cord was attached to it and as his eyes followed it he realized it split into many different cords all leading to him.



It was then when he became aware that there were stickers on his chest, it was very unusual. Out of all the things he's experienced he didn't think he'd ever had stickers on his chest. Of course he knew better than to think they were actually stickers though. They were attached to cords so they must be important in some way. 



Tim scooted over to try and get a better look at the screen on top. He found a graph moving up and down over and over. Graphs were used to measure things and since the machine had chords leading to his chest, it must be something to do with that. 



What was important about his chest? Or maybe it was the inside of his chest ? He did know the heart was located in the chest and the heart was said to be one of the most important organs. He does think he has heard of ‘ Taking someone’s heart beat ’ so maybe that’s what the machine was for?



If there was a machine that was measuring his heart rate in here, then, he must be at the doctors! 

 

.

.

.

Oh no, oh no no no no no.



He didn't want to be at the doctors. If he was at the doctors then that meant he had to be back. 



It could be a normal doctor, but his Mother only took him to normal doctors and she was gone now. The only other person he knew who had a doctor's office was Mr Joker . 



This was it, he wasn't going to die he knew better than to think that positively. No, Mr Joker would do something much worse. He had in fact run away from him, and that was one of the 1st rules, to never run away. 



He quickly surveyed the room; he didn't really see any weapons until his eyes fell on a gray tray in the corner. Of course, there were scissors in here. Mr Joker didn't use scissors a lot because he liked using his own inventions but he sometimes used them as ‘add ons’ to cause extra pain. 



There was a knock at the door. Tim shivered and pulled the blanket over his head. He knew it wasn't a very effective hiding spot but it felt safe. 



“Master Timothy, I'm going to come in now.” Alfred? Why was Alfred here?



Tim peeked out from under the blanket and sure enough, it was Alfred who came through the door. 



“Master Timothy, I do hope I haven't frightened you.” Alfred looked over at him and he could see guilt in his eyes. Tim shook his head. If Alfred was here he must be still with Bruce. 



Alfred placed a tray of food on his bed and he reached out of the blanket to grab one of the apple slices. There wasn't silverware so he probably could just eat with his hands. 



“How are you feeling?” Tim looked up at Alfred a bit confused. How did he feel? 



Now that he thought about it his head really hurt. Why did his head hurt? 



And if he wasn't with Mr Joker why was he in a doctor's office? 



For some reason Tim had no recollection of what happened for him to be here. Tim didn’t really know how he was going to ask though, or even if he was allowed to ask.

 

 So Tim just decided to answer the original question and point to his head. Maybe someone would slip up and say what had happened. 



Alfred nodded, “Ah yes, I’d imagine your head hurts right now. You did have quite the fall.” Okay, so, he fell . How did he fall though? “You gave everyone quite the scare, I believe Master Jason will visit you soon. He was really worried about you.” 



Jason? Jason was worried about him? Why would Jason be worried about him? Why would anyone be worried about him? 



If he did just fall then what was the big deal? He had survived many injuries before so he could survive this one too. 



Alfred didn’t come back after that. It was a shame, he had wanted to see if he would give him another clue as to what had happened.



 When Alfred left he had turned out the lights so it was probably nighttime and he had gone to bed. So there was no chance of him seeing Alfred soon. Unless he went to sleep right now and woke up when he got back, but that was really unlikely as he didn’t even feel tired yet. 



The dark office bothered him. It wasn’t scary or anything, it just really bothered him. Offices needed to have lights on. Even if it hurt his eyes. 



There was a hand on his shoulder. “Why don’t you be a good boy and turn on the lights.” It wasn’t a question. He knew he should follow the order, but , there was such a big dark gap under the bed. It looked like someone could just reach out and grab him. He didn’t- 



“I SAID to turn the lights OFF! You know how to follow orders don’t you? Or do I have to remind you?” Tim was grabbed by his arm and flung to the floor, the cold tile scraping against his skin. Tim didn’t know why but he found himself crying. He heard laughter over his shoulder. “What is the little boy going soft? Oh no no no, we cannot have that.” He cast a shadow over him as he grabbed him by the neck and pushed him down to the floor. His vision was getting spotty and-



“Tim?! Are you alright?” There was a new voice now, it was whispering but being loud at the same time. Tim didn’t even know that was possible. The new voice touched him on the shoulder. It was soft. “You’re on the floor, did something happen? Did you hit your head again?!” The voice went into a sudden panic and began to move his head all about. The voice then picked him up; he couldn't really see who the new voice belonged to as it was so dark. But he knew it sounded familiar.



In the darkness there was a sudden beam of light that shone in his eyes. Even though the thing on his eyes did dim light it still was bright enough for him to flinch back, in the person’s arms, who almost dropped him at the sudden movement. 



“Sorry,” Said the voice, who he could now see was Jason. Jason was holding a light in his hands. He didn’t know you could hold lights. Tim pointed to it and looked up to Jason expectantly. “It’s a flashlight.” Jason commented then he placed him back on the bed as he climbed up next to him.



It was quiet at first. Jason was looking away from him, gripping the flashlight in his hands. Then he heard a noise. It was quiet and pathetic but he knew exactly what it was because he, himself, had made that same noise many times before. 



He placed a hand on Jason’s arm and that must’ve been what did it because Jason started sobbing after that. “ I’m sorry ” He muttered. It sounded so utterly broken . Tim didn’t like it. 



It was then that Tim got a better look at Jason’s face. It looked so red and puffy, there was snot coming out of his nose which he had to constantly keep sniffling to keep in. He didn’t look older than a seven year old. Tim didn’t even realize what he was doing until Jason was practically laying on him. Jason looked up at him confused as to what was happening.



Jason’s head was in his lap as his hand combed through his hair. He hadn’t meant to do this, but he had done this so many times with his Jason, he guessed it had just become second nature to him. 



Jason relaxed for a moment before sitting back up. Jason looked at him and started crying again but this time Jason threw his arms around him so they were hugging. “I’m sorry. It’s all my fault you got hurt.” He balled. 



Tim quickly shook his head. Even though he didn’t remember what happened it couldn’t be Jason’s fault. Whenever he did something it was his responsibility, especially if he did something wrong. Tim tried to explain this to Jason by shaking his head and pointing to himself but this just seemed to make Jason more upset. 



“No it was my fault!” Jason sobbed into his shoulder. Tim was lost; he didn't know how to calm Jason down.



The only thing he could do was just keep holding him, maybe then he would understand that he was forgiven for whatever he had done. Even though he was sure that it wasn’t his fault.
Notes:

    .
    .
    .
    Honestly for the first time idk what to say here. Hope ya'll had a good Christmas if you celebrate it

    ....Sorry I was emo when posting this but I just looked at the date and its the 2 month anniversary!!! 🎉🎉🎉AND WE ARE AT 10 CHAPTERS WHOOOooooo!!!! 160 KUDOS TO !!!!! 🎉🎉🎉

Chapter 11: Panic before you think
Summary:

    Bruce second guesses himself

Notes:

    Hey everyone!! New chapter is HERE!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Bruce was panicking. He had meant to just quickly check on Jason and then go back to bed. However, when he opened the door to Jason's room it was a complete mess and most concerning of all, Jason was gone.

 

Did someone find out about Jason somehow and had kidnapped him? He had been so careful, he hadn't even taken the kids in the open yet! 

 

Was he being stalked? It wasn't unlikely but was highly concerning. The manor was a big property though, and his security cameras would usually notify him if there was a suspicious individual located.

 

Wait, did they hack into his security cameras? No , he would be alerted if someone from a new location pulled up the footage. 

 

The boys did go outside recently, someone could’ve seen them. Again though, it was a big property and they would've found the boys by complete luck.

 

Did that mean someone had just broken into his house and had just happened to find Jason? That did seem more likely, plus, he hadn't updated the house security since last year. 

 

The vent on the floor of the room meant the kidnapper had entered and probably excited that way, because he would've heard someone going down the halls if they hadn't. 

 

He hadn't even thought to put security on the vents because like, who can even fit in there? This person apparently.

 

Gosh this was such a nightmare. The vents went all over the manor and since there were no cameras in the vents he could pass anywhere basically undetected.

 

He could only hope that he had exited the vents somewhere. Then he could find them in the cameras. 

 

Then a thought occurred to Bruce. How had they even gotten in? They must've hacked the cameras or he would've been alerted. God, if they hacked into the cameras they probably would've deleted the footage of them breaking in. So he would have no idea who they were and where they went.

 

He really should've updated the security.



When he finally got down to the Batcave he decided to do a quick check on Tim to make sure he wasn't also kidnapped. 

 

He should be fine though because everything leading to the Batcave was pretty hidden, at least he thought it was. He had never been in the vents so he didn't exactly know what it was like. For all he could know there was a neon sign pointing to the Batcave.

 

Thankfully when he opened the door he saw Tim and Jason asleep on the bed. 

 

Wait

 

Jason?!

 

Why was Jason down here? He looked around for any clues until he spotted the vent. Then the realization Bruce made almost made him punch himself 

 

He knew what happened. He couldn't even believe he had been so gullible. One messy room and he immediately overreacts. Even though it was good to plan for every scenario (even the bad ones) he hadn't even allowed himself to think of the best case scenario. His mind just immediately jumped to a kidnapping.

 

None of the other Bruce's would have made this mistake. The other Bruce’s would have investigated, not let themselves immediately assume things. 

 

Not even a few days after having Tim had he already gotten seriously injured. Then there was that time that Jason had broken down and had a panic attack. Had it really been a good idea for him to take in these children?

 

It was fate for the other Batmen, they had run into their children on pure consequence and decided to take them in. Him though, he was twisting fate in order to get what he wanted and so far it seemed only like the boys were suffering from it. 

 

Was he in the right for keeping the boys here, or was it just selfish?

 

Before he could answer that question, his eyes caught movement in the corner of his eye. He looked over and found Tim awake. 

 

He crouched down in front of him, “Are you feeling better now?” He asked.

 

He nodded.

 

“That’s good,” Bruce smiled softly. Tim looked better, no longer covered in blood. Alfred had done a good job in washing it all off.

 

 Tim stared up at him with big pale blue eyes, his little cheeks were puffed out in comparison to the rest of his body which was more like a stick. Unlike Jason, who had started gaining weight after a bit, Tim’s body stayed the same, he could be speaking too soon but it wouldn't surprise him if Tim stayed super skinny. As in more universes it was a genetic thing. Just to be safe though, he should probably contact a dietitian. 

 

Speaking of food. “Do you want to eat breakfast with me?”

 

Tim nodded after a moment of, what he believed to be, thinking.

 

“So what do you want to eat?”

 

Tim made a circle with his hands.

 

“I think I could make something like that!” Bruce chuckled. He had no idea what food Tim wanted . “Want to come to the kitchen with me?” 

 

Tim paused and then after a minute nodded.

 

“Do you think you can walk?”

 

This time Tim gave a hard nod. Seemed like someone was sure of himself. 

 

Bruce made sure to carefully get Tim out of the bed. Before leading him to the kitchen. 

 

“Okay!” Bruce clapped his hands together making Tim flinch which made Bruce instantly regret it. “So what was it you wanted again?” 

 

Tim made the circle with his hands and held it up above his head.

 

“A waffle? Do you want a waffle?” 

 

Tim shook his head.

 

Okay, so knowing that Tim grew up with a rich family he had probably been taught about the proper foods for each type of meal, so it must be a breakfast food, a circular one nonetheless. 

 

Bruce was mentally slapping himself for not putting in effort to try to learn ‘Tim’s language’ (as Jason had called it). He should probably teach Tim sign language, of course first he'd have to learn Tim's language though.

 

Tim shoved his circle into Bruce's face which startled him out of his thoughts. Tim had climbed onto one of the islands and was now sitting down leaning his arms out in front of Bruce. 

 

“Oh, be careful Tim!” Bruce panicked, hurriedly picking up Tim and placing him back on the floor, earning him a confused look. “We can’t have you getting hurt again.”

 

Now back to the task at hand, he was getting nowhere with this circle breakfast food business. Should he just list out every circular food he knew, wait, list?

 

“Tim, I'm going to try something okay.” Bruce took out his pen and notebook from his pocket. (Which he kept forgetting to take out)   “Do you know how to write?” 

 

Tim's face lit up and did instant hand grab motions towards the notebook. It looked like he realized where he was going with this. 

 

His writing wasn't perfect but not because it looked messy, no, Tim’s handwriting almost looked cursive with all the loops and curls. The only thing that reminded you how young he was was his spelling. Handwriting was always taught before spelling as if you could get nice handwriting when you're young then it's likely to stick with you. While spelling is something that can just be taught over time. 

 

But he had to admit the mistakes were adorable. Tim had written ‘Pan-cace’. Bruce had gotten his k’s and C's mixed up when he was little to.

 

“Are pancakes your favorite?” Bruce asked. 

 

Tim just shrugged. 

 

The only issue was, Bruce didn't know how to make Pancakes but he also didn't want to disappoint Tim.

 

So he just tried to copy what he saw Alfred do when he made pancakes. He remembered there was a sort of batter that would be used to make the pancakes, so he just needed to find that. Then he was sure he could just figure out the rest!



He couldn't find the pancake mix, no matter how hard he looked it was no where to be found. However he had found a Waffle mix, it wasn't exactly what he was looking for but, waffle and pancakes were pretty much the same, right?

 

He was in the middle of figuring out how to turn on the stove when he heard a voice behind him. 

 

“I think ya press it down and turn it.” Bruce turned to find Jason sitting on the counter, his feet hanging right above Tim. 

 

Bruce did as he was told and was actually surprised when the stove lit. 

 

“Aren't ya supposed to banned from the kitchen or somethin’?” Jason questioned. 

 

“It's just a pancake, plus I'm older now I think I can figure it out!” Bruce announced but Jason didn't look convinced. 

 

The real reason Bruce was able to cook was because Alfred had gone to the store and wasn't back yet. As long as he finished before he got home (and without any serious mistakes) Alfred would have no idea he even cooked! Maybe if it went really well he could convince Alfred to unban him!

 

Bruce must've spaced out because when he looked back to see the pancake on fire?? “Oh god,” Bruce grabbed a cup of water. 

 

“No wait-” Jason tried to intervene but it was too late. Bruce had already flung the water on to the stove.



“And what have you learned today?”

 

“Water can make a stove fire spread.” Bruce mumbled. 

 

“What was that?” Alfred crossed his arms.

 

“Water can make a stove fire spread.”

 

“Good, now may I remind you, you are BANNED from using ANYTHING in the kitchen.” 

 

“Ah come on Alfie! I can make simple stuff!” Bruce whined. 

 

“Remind me exactly when you ever made something in the kitchen and it didn't end in disaster.” 

 

“That time in July! Where I make waffles.” Bruce nodded, proud of himself for thinking of a time. 

 

“May I remind you that it ended in a toaster fire.”

 

“Oh, oh ya.”

 

Bruce could hear Jason snickering in the background. When he turned to glare at him he spotted both and Jason and Tim peeking in through the doorway.

 

Alfred sighed, “Master Bruce could you please go to your room and wash up while I put the boys in bed.” Bruce nodded and the boys disappeared from the doorway and he could hear them run down the halls.



“Is he done yet?” Bruce jerked his head upwards to try to identify where the noise was coming from. 

 

When Bruce spotted a vent he cautiously called out, “Jason?” 

 

“Ya? Mind answerin’ the question.” 

 

“Well Alfred isn't here yet.” Bruce stated as he climbed into his bed. “He usually comes here last.” 

 

“Oh.” Then there was silence. 

 

Then a thought occurred to him. “Jason, why are you in a vent?” Bruce asked. He couldn't believe he hadn't asked him earlier. 

 

“If I tell you, do you promise not to tell Alfred?” 

 

“Yeah?” 

 

“I want to sleep with Tim.” Then Jason quickly added, “He has nightmares.”

 

Bruce smiled softly, “I'm sure Alfred wouldn't mind letting you sleep down there. He's not that strict.” 

 

“Isn’t he mad though?” 

 

Then something occurred to Bruce, Jason hadn't grown up in a safe environment. It was extremely possible for him to have trust issues. While Jason did know Alfred, anger was an emotion where people act irrationally. 

 

Suddenly Bruce felt sad. “Jason, Alfred wouldn't be upset with you. He's upset with me and trust me Alfred wouldn't be upset with you just asking to sleep with your brother.” 

 

“How can ya be sure?” 

 

“Well, I can't be exactly sure, but I trust Alfred and I don't believe he'd do anything that remotely mean.” 



Alfred, even though he was very proper he was really understanding. Even though he wasn't an actual parent he partially raised Bruce and he had an actual pretty decent childhood because of him. 

 

So, Bruce could never dislike Alfred even for the amount of times they argued and he got in trouble. Even though he was an adult now. Bruce always knew he could trust him. 

 

“Is something on your mind Master Bruce?” Alfred said with his calm monotone voice.

 

“Alfred, am I a good parent?” Bruce asked. 

 

Alfred looked startled by the question. “What makes you ask that, Master Bruce?” Alfred inquired, his calm demeanor returning. 

 

“Ever since I took in the boys they only seem to get hurt. Did I make a good choice?” 

 

“In deciding to be a parent, no.” Bruce looked up at Alfred, eyes widening; he hadn't expected him to be so blunt. “You are far too young and immature to deal with a child let alone be busy.” Well that hurt his ego   “As for taking them in, we can never really know if we made the best choice or if something better would have come along. But, I do think that you are doing your best.” Alfred placed his hand on his. “None of the things that resulted in the boys getting hurt was your fault. The boys act the way they do because of previous trauma. You played no hand in giving the trauma and you can't take it away. However you can help them deal with it and I believe you have been doing a fine job at  this.” 

 

“Thank you Alfred.” He mumbled breaking eye contact. Alfred smiled and hugged him. 

 

“I'm proud of you.”
Notes:

    Bonus:
    Jason: We have to call Alfred!!
    Bruce: No no I think I can handle this

    Kitchen: Burnt
    Alfred: I was gone for 20 minutes!

     

    Okay okay so what did you think about the way I wrote this one? I stopped using the double spaces and I honestly don't even know why I started doing that but I may go back to the double spacing if it looks better!

    Oh ya hope you all have been doing great so far during this new year!!!

    Anyways hope you all liked it! We're so close to 170 Kudos!!! Honestly ik to some people that might not sound like a lot but it is to me! ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 12: Gift of happiness
Summary:

    Tim finds a weird object

Notes:

    This chapter....I rewrote it and changed perspectives I can't even believe I got it ready in time...

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Come on! Yur gonna make it!” Jason insisted. 

 

Tim looked down at him and studied the floor but he made no move towards Jason.

 

“Come on!” Jason reached out his arms farther. “I'll catch ya I swear.” Jason promised.

 

Tim squinted at him, unsure. The gap was pretty big and if he did jump there was no telling that Jason would actually catch him. He knew he should listen to Jason but he didn't want the same thing to happen as last time he didn't want them to cry. 

 

Jason saw his squint and scoffed. Tim shrunk back farther into the vent. He didn't mean to offend Jason.

 

Despite continued reassurance that he would be caught Tim remained in the vent peering down at Jason.

 

“Tiny if ya don't come down here right now I'll hate ya forever!” Jason shouted. Tiny stiffened. 

 

Hate him? Jason would hate him if he didn't listen? Would Jason leave him all alone? Would he not see Jason anymore? 

 

Tim chewed on his lip, the jump wasn't that far now. If Jason did actually catch him he would be unharmed. If he didn't he could aim towards the boxes and they could break his fall.  

 

He closed his eyes and jumped, falling made him feel sick. Jason in fact did catch him like he had said but, he felt him stumble a little and then there was a loud noise.

 

Tim opened his eyes, they hurt. Everything was so blurry and bright he took a minute to wait for his vision to become normal but his eyes continued to ache. That's when he realized his glasses weren't on. It wasn’t that bright, extremely bright but still enough to make him uncomfortable. When had he become so reliant on his glasses?

 

 Jason placed him on the ground, so that he could go through the stuff in the box he had stumbled into when he caught Tim. Even though he didn’t really want him to stop holding him he knew he couldn’t exactly say anything about it and he also needed to go look for his glasses so maybe this was the best. 

 

He was a bit confused as to where his glasses went. He knew they probably fell off his head when he was falling as they were a bit too big for him, but he had no idea how far they went. Depending on where the glasses fell they could've hit something, which would've changed the direction it fell. 

 

After a few minutes of looking he finally spotted them leaning beside some of the brown boxes that were all around the room. When he bent down to pick them up something else in the corner caught his eye. 

 

It was a black and had a weird shape. The body seemed to be a square with rectangles attached to it.

 

When he picked it up he immediately noticed how heavy it was. It wasn't extremely heavy but it felt heavier than he certainly thought it would be.

 

Most of the object was all black except for what seemed to be a turned off light at the top. It also had a long slit on the weird regular part sticking out. 

 

Tim had never recalled seeing such a thing before. 

 

He turned to Jason, he was flipping through a book. “All this stuff is boring.” Tim could hear Jason murmur, he didn't seem busy so he should be fine. Tim poked Jason.

 

Jason turned around his face a bit interested before morphing into confusion pointing to the object. “What is that?” Jason questioned. Tim held up the object towards him. Jason lifted it from his hands and began to flip it over inspecting it. “Looks like…. uh…it looks like a…” Tim could tell Jason was having a hard time figuring out what it was so he put his hands out to collect the object back for him. “Timmy I actually have no idea what this thing is, ya’ve stumped me!” 

 

Jason started pressing the buttons. Which Tim personally wouldn't have done. Then there was a flash of light. Both Jason and Tim flinched. 

 

“How about ya just have this back…” Jason handed him the object and stiffly walked away.

 

While Jason went off to look for more stuff. Tim looked at the object again. The light had flashed. What type of object flashes? 

 

Tim eventually decided he'd study it later and began to look for Jason. He was looking through another box. Most of the stuff in the boxes looked like books.

 

There were a lot of books scattered all over the floor by now from Jason. Tim lifted a book up to Jason with a questioning look. 

 

“The books?” Tim nodded, Jason scoffed. “Well they aren't real books. They're picture books . They don't even have words!” Jason exclaimed. “Look, look!” Jason opened a book and showed a page full of photos. 

 

Tim took the book and looked at it closely. The pictures actually looked pretty nice. They were old, you could tell that from the only colors being brown and white but they still had good lighting and captured the person of interest’s emotions.

 

“What ya can't be serious- you like it?”

 

Tim nodded but then paused. Jason seemed to dislike it, so should he still like it? Was he allowed to like it? He should have just kept his mouth shut. 

 

“But it's not even a real book!” Jason argued. 

 

Should he agree? That would probably be the right thing to do but what if he got mad at him for being dishonest? 

 

Wait, maybe if he could show Jason a good picture he would like the book and then he would be able to like the book!

 

So Tim began to flip through the book. There were a lot of good pictures in here. It wouldn't be that hard.

 

Jason sighed, “Ya know what, whatever. I'm hungry now so I'ma go get some lunch, ya coming?” Jason asked. Tim nodded but didn't look up from the book. Ah-ha! This was a good one.

 

The picture was of the bride who had crashed into the wedding cake and had bits of frosting on her with a dog licking her face. Despite falling and ruining her dress, she was laughing. It really captured what type of person she was. Plus it had a dog, and even though he didn't care much about them most kids did, so if Jason liked dogs he could like this picture too!

 

Tim excitedly went up to Jason and lifted the picture up to his face. However Jason wasn't exactly prepared to see the book when his face turned. Being so startled he stumbled backwards falling out of the attic.

 

Jason didn't fall all the way down as he had grabbed onto one of the steps of the ladder but as he looked down Jason looked upset. 

 

Tim shrunk back and covered his face with the book. 

 

He left the books in the attic. 



He walked alone examining the weirdly shaped object. Jason had run ahead yelling to Alfred that he was ready for lunch. It seemed rude but Jason seemed to get away with a lot.

 

He heard Alfred tell Jason to calm himself as he walked in but he made no movement to punish him.

 

Alfred then turned to him and looked a bit surprised. “My! Master Timothy, that's a fine Polaroid you have there. May I ask you where you found it?” 

 

 Alfred had called the object a Polaroid, was that its name? He remembered hearing that word before but he couldn't remember from what. 

 

Tim was about to answer with his notebook before Jason answered for him (which he was grateful for) telling him they were in the attic.

 

Alfred was silent for a moment. Was it okay to be in the attic? Were they going to get in trouble? Was it his fault for going along with Jason? Alfred gently took the Polaroid from his hands and began to look it over.

 

Then there was a flash like back in the attic except this time there was a mechanical noise as a white thing came out of the slit. “Ah, It still works!” Alfred smiled. Before he could ask what it did Bruce walked in.

 

“What still works Alfred?” Bruce asked. “Oh my goodness is that my Polaroid!?” Bruce beamed. “I haven't seen it in ages!” Bruce took it from Alfred's hands and cradled it in his own hands gently looking it over. “And you said it still works Alfie?”

 

Alfred lifted the white paper thing that had come out of the camera. “Yes it does.” Then Alfred lowered it so that he could see it. It looked like a very light picture of the kitchen. “I don't think the lighting here is good so it came out very white.” Alfred explained. 

 

‘Is it a camera?’ Tim wrote. 

 

“Yes it is, do you know how to work a camera?” 

 

Tim shook his head. Cameras always seemed interesting to him. You could just ‘take a picture’ of a room and you will forever have a copy of what that room looked like. He always wanted to learn how to use them except he knew if he asked for something he would be in trouble he should be happy with what he has. 

 

“I can show you,” Bruce volunteered. Tim looked up. Bruce would show him? Wasn't he busy? 

 

Alfred raised an eyebrow. “Really Master Bruce? I remember when you were young you were quite protective of that camera.” 

 

“I wasn't that protective of it, plus I'm an adult now, I've matured.” Bruce insisted. 

 

Bruce started to exit through kitchen door before-

 

“Wait hold on where are you going.” Alfred interrupted. 

 

“To the living room, to show Tim how to use the camera?” 

 

“Not right now you're not, we're having a family meal.” Alfred placed his hands on his hips.

 

“Ah come on Alfie we already have family dinners. Can't I just show Tim and then we come back to eat?” Bruce whined clasping his hands together in hope to appeal to Alfred more.

 

Alfred unfazed, statated, “Master Bruce, if I know you, the last thing on your mind is ever taking care of yourself. If I say yes then you will probably end up skipping lunch choosing to just play around with the camera instead.” 

 

“Fine, Tim, I'll teach you after we eat.” Bruce declared, giving him the Polaroid back.

 

It honestly didn't matter if Bruce taught him or not. It wasn't really a big deal. 

 

So why did he feel so excited?



When they were done eating Tim didn't even have anytime to think before being picked up and whisked away by Bruce.

 

He didn't really know what to expect when Bruce sat him down, he definitely wasn't expecting a history lesson on cameras (Bruce insisted that it was needed to appreciate correctly). But it wasn't an unpleasant surprise in fact, it was actually quite interesting. 

 

After the presentation Bruce started to actually explain how to use the Polaroid. ‘How to take a picture’, ‘How to turn off flash', ‘How to insert the film’ (even though he didn't have any film). Then they went outside to practice. 

 

The sun was starting to set so it wasn't that bright and paired with his glasses he felt completely comfortable.

 

It was actually really fun. He liked doing this with Bruce. 

 

Was he allowed to be this happy over an object?



“Tim, could you take care of my polaroid for me?” Bruce asked, he was looking at Tim. His eyes were serious. 

 

‘But it’s yours’ Tim questioned.

 

“Even though it’s special to me,” Bruce smiled, running his fingers along the outside of the camera, “I don’t think I’ll ever get around to using it as much as I did as a kid. I think it’d be much better if I gave it to someone who will actually use it.” Bruce smiled, placing the camera on Tim’s lap. 

 

Tim looked at the camera in his lap. He had never received a gift before. His mother had told him that ‘Gifts were for the weak’. For some reason though, he liked the feeling he got when Bruce gave the camera and declared him the new owner. Maybe that made him weak, but that was okay.

 

The night came and then they were all sent to bed. Bruce told him that he would buy him film in the morning so that he wouldn’t have to worry about running out and he could take as many pictures as he liked. 

 

Which was pretty good because there were many different styles of photography and since he didn't know which one he liked more, he had to try them all!

 

Tim was excited to go to bed and wake up in the morning. It was a feeling he hadn’t felt in a long time even though he was supposed to abandon all his childish feelings, he wanted to keep it. 

 

He liked the feeling. 
Notes:

    I don't know if I ever fully explained the reason Tim wears the sunglasses. Of course you all know the light hurts his eyes but why? Well this is inspired off of a case I heard a couple years ago, basically if you are young enough (basically an infant) then if you are kept in a dark environment for a prolonged amount of time you can end up damaging your vision permanently or temporarily. Now this is only from what I have found while researching into it so this may not be 100% correct but it's just something I thought I should mention C:

    Anyways this chapter honestly drives me crazy cause on one hand I'm glad I finally worked in Tim getting a camera on the other hand I honestly came up with this so last minute I had barley anytime to work on the idea before I had to post. But anyways I hope you liked it anyways ❤️❤️❤️!

Chapter 13: Well that's weird
Summary:

    Misunderstanding?

Notes:

    This is kinda fast paced and is short. I actually struggled a lot with this chapter not only just writing it but just making it make sense. Sorry ya'll I'l try better next chapter.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Tiny!” Jason jumped onto the bed causing Tim to quickly shove off everything on his bed. Probably to make room for him. 

 

“Do ya wanna make cookies with Alfie?” Jason asked, practically glowing. 

 

Jason had never made anything before. If he could learn to make his own food he wouldn't have to worry about meals anymore. As much as he appreciated Alfred making food for him he couldn't always depend on him. 

 

Plus Bruce had said Alfred's cookies were the best and he might be excited to eat sweets again. 



Tiny gave a slight nod and then held up a finger. Jason impatiently fidgeted as Tiny hopped off the bed and started to look around. If Tiny didn't hurry up and find his stupid glasses he swore to god- 

 

Huh? What was that? 

 

As Jason was pacing he stepped on something. He probably wouldn't have even noticed he stepped on it without the help from the light outside reflecting on it. 

 

It was skinny and long and mostly white like paper. However it was thicker and had some sort of picture on the front. 

 

Jason squinted, if only it wasn't so dark. From what he could see it looked like a person(?).

 

Then the item was suddenly snatched away from his prying eyes. Jason flinched back, startled, Tiny would do something like that. He wasn't exactly known for abrupt movements. 

 

Jason gave him a questioning look but Tiny just turned away and placed the item in a drawer. 



In the kitchen Alfred had ready-ed the materials they would need and was standing to the side waiting for them. 

 

Jason pushed himself up onto the counter so he could get a better view of what they were working with. There was a mix, a spoon, and a bowl. Huh, didn't bakers usually have more. But of course Alfred was an old man so it did make sense that he'd stick to the classics. 

 

“Hold on Master Jason, you must wash your hands before you start doing anything.” Alfred interrupted. Jason scoffed in response, but went over to the sink and washed his heads. 

 

“Now?” Jason held up his wet hands and Alfred gave a nod of approval.

 

“Now, we are going to make Chocolate chip cookies. Before we do, does anyone have any allergies I don't know about?” Alfred asked. 

 

Allergies? He didn't know if he had any but he's pretty sure he would've had a reaction by now since he's been eating garbage for the past ten years of his life. 

 

Jason ended up in charge of adding stuff to the batter like the eggs. It was fun in the beginning but started to become boring. He thought there'd be more cool stuff happening to the batter. Like it would bubble up or change color well actually, it did change color but to the most boring, bland color brown he's ever seen.

 

When they were done with the batter they placed it on a tray and put it in the oven. They had to wait a whole HOUR for it to be done. Hopefully it will be worth it.

 

Jason sighed, “Hey Tiny?” He turned his head to look over to where Tiny had been to realize Tiny wasn't there.  

 

Where the heck did Tiny go? He remembered him preheating the oven but that was all. He had been so focused on baking that he completely forgot about the quiet kid. 

 

“Alfred, where's Tiny?” Jason asked, if anyone knew it'd be Alfred.

 

Alfred was washing the baking stuff they used and didn't even stop once he asked the question. “I asked him to put away the ingredients.” Alfred responded smoothly. Oh that made sense Jason was too focused on making the cookies that he probably didn't notice. But then, why hadn't he come back yet? Tim usually wasnt alone, instead he'd follow other around. Or at least that's how it used to be.

 

As if reading his mind Alfred answered, still not looking up, “I asked him to help me with a bit of cleaning.”

 

“Oh.” Tim was always super helpful when people asked him to be so that part made sense but he couldn't help but feel weird about it.

 

“Would you like to help me make dinner?” Alfred looked up this time and had a soft smile.

 

“I guess.” Jason responded. If Timmy was busy cleaning then he probably wouldn't have time to play with him.

 

For some reason everything felt kind of dull after that even though he had looked forward to learning to cook it didn't seem fun anymore. 

 

To make things worse neither Tim or Bruce showed up to dinner. While Jason usually wouldn't complain about eating food it would've been nice for someone other than himself to try the food he made. Plus he had wanted to show off to Bruce.



“Tim?” Jason called, groggily. He looked to the side of the bed, no Tim. 

 

This was getting out of hand! Disappearing during the last few days was one thing but disappearing at- Jason squinted, 4 am! Disappearing at 4 am definitely didn't seem reasonable! 

 

While the other times could be chalked up to coincidence, this was 4 am! To get up at 4 am you would have to actually make yourself get up that early! Where in the world would he even be at 4 am!?

 

“Tim?” Jason called out again, peering out the door. Okay, maybe he was overreacting, he could have just gone to the bathroom. But then again if he had gone to the bathroom then he could just get him back to the room faster. Tim had got tiny legs after all. So either way he would get Tim back to the room and be able to go back to bed.



“Jason what are you doing up?” F*ck. He forgot Bruce had ninja hearing. Wait, maybe this was a good thing. It wasn’t like he was going to get in trouble for looking for Tim. In fact, Bruce could help him!

 

“I’m lookin’ for Tim, do ya know where he is?” 

 

“Tim? Well yeah I just saw him. He should be heading back to his room now.” Bruce answered, then looked down the hallway cautiously. 

 

Jason looked in the same direction. “What are ya lookin’ at?” 

 

“Nothing, nothing.” Bruce tried to brush it off but continued to look down the hallway. Weird. 

 

Jason started back to Tim's room. If Bruce said he saw him heading that way he was probably right. That still begged the question, where the heck had Tim gone? The bathroom wasn't that far so he would've probably run into him on the way. 

 

He was probably just overreacting. 

 

.

.

.

This was getting old really fast. While Tim was back in the bed when he came back to the room last night he ended up disappearing again in the morning.

 

How was he supposed to have any fun when Tim wasn't there. He needed someone to play with and both Alfred and Bruce were busy adults.

 

He could understand if Tim wanted alone time and he could've just brushed it off if it had been one day. But this hadn't been just one day, which made him think this was something bigger.

 

Why would people avoid their friends?

 

Then he froze. Did Tim hate him? 

 

Tim had seemed fine with him before just up until a few days ago. So it must've been something recent but Jason couldn't think of anything he did wrong. Unless he had just been pretending, Tim never really seemed excited when playing with him. In fact Jason's never even seen him smile. 

 

Was it because he almost killed him? That seemed like good motivation to hate someone. Tim had reassured him it was okay but he could have been secretly holding a grudge. 

 

Jason sat alone mopping in his room when Alfred called everyone to dinner. He didn't want to go but he felt bad that such good food might go to waste. 

 

He started to hear talking. If Bruce was there maybe…he rushed over to the dining room. 

 

Tim! Tim was there! Tim sat at the end of the dining table next to Bruce. They looked like they were having a conversation. In fact they both were smiling. 


When Jason went to sit next to Tim, his smile disappeared. God he really did hate him.
Notes:

    If you read the beginning note you'll know I said struggled a lot writing this chapter. I actually had a lot of ideas for this chapter and this was gonna be my longest chapter yet which is why there are so many time-skips but I struggled putting my ideas down while it makes sense in my head as soon as I wrote it I realized it didn't make sense. So I ended up getting stuck and constantly rewriting bits and then I planned to just skip around the chapter and fix it all up on Friday, well that didn't really work out cause I ended up having a doctors appointment so I didn't really have the time I thought I would.

    I guess it is better to spread this over the next few chapters though because I do kind of want to do different pov's with this situation.

    Anyways tho to elaborate a bit on why Jason is freaking out. Jason has never had a positive relationship with anyone in his life let alone had time for it. So when Tim his first real friend stops hanging out with him he assumes the worse.

    Well ended up ranting a bit more than I expected here, if you don't like this chapter I really don't blame you but I hope you like the next one!❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 14: I might be the problem but I'm trying to fix it
Summary:

    Party announcement! Boys are going to a party!

Notes:

    I tried something a little different with the POV's tell me if you like it C:

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Boys, I have an announcement!” Bruce declared. Both Tim and Jason paused eating and looked up at him. “There is a gala this Friday, and I was wondering if you both wanted to go. This will count as your debut and after the party you can start going outside the manor grounds!” 

 

While Bruce was excited the boys didn't share his joy.

 

Tim sighed and started eating again, choosing to not comment. Oh that was right, Tim came from a rich family and had surely gone to a hundred galas on average. He probably didn’t see this as a big deal. 

 

Jason on the other hand, had the opposite reaction. “Like one of those frilly fancy one's?” Jason asked, looking disgusted.

 

“I supposed it could be called that.” Bruce considered.

 

“So…we're gonna dress up, like in suit and tie dress up?” Jason inquired.

 

“Well…yes, for most parties you have to dress up.” Bruce confirmed. Jason let out a groan.

 

 He knew that telling Jason this, would probably result in Jason immediately disagreeing. But what exactly was he supposed to say? He was going to have to find out he had to dress up eventually. Plus Jason was stubborn especially when it came to clothes. 



When Jason had first arrived he hadn't had any kids clothes prepared, an oversight on his part. They didn't know Jason's size so they just decided to give him Bruce's old clothes. 

 

However Jason refused, choosing to rather stay in his ripped and bloodied shirt and jeans. They tried a few more times before Bruce caved and bought him a bunch of clothes from the store.



Bruce could only hope for some miracle that when Jason opened his mouth he didn't reject the invitation. “I don't really-” Jason stopped mid sentence and looked over to Tim who was holding up his journal.

 

Confused what made Jason stop, Bruce also looked at the paper, it read: ‘I wil go’

 

Jason turned back towards him, “Ya know what old man? I think I’ll go, just make sure my outfit ain't itchy.”

 

What. 

 

What just happened?

 

Bruce had known the boys had been hanging out a lot but he hadn't considered they were actually close. So close in fact, that Jason decided to go to a gala because of it.

 

Bruce sat there stunned. His boys were getting along. Like brothers. They were starting to become a family! Not could stop the joy from showing on Bruce's face as he began to smile. 

 

“Stop staring old man, you're looking like a creep.” 

 

Well it was a long process. 



Due to the gala being so close it was pretty hard to find a designer that could work with a short amount of time. Even though he was Bruce Wayne. And once they did find a designer….

 

“Get your f*cking hands off of me! Ya needa ask consent for that, an’ I say no!” Jason ran out of the dressing room half clothed and hid behind Bruce. Well, not really ‘hid’ more like ‘taunted the assistant from a safe distance’. 

 

Bruce sighed. Why did he think this was a good idea?

 

The assistant and Jason started to run circles around Bruce, literally.  Jason hugged to the sides of Bruce and would move out of the reach of the assistant whenever she got close. 

 

The assistant did actually grab Jason a few times but her grip was weak, probably because she didn't know if she was allowed to grab him or not.

 

This continued up until a high pitched scream ran through the store. Bruce's head shot in the direction and not sparing a single second he rushed into the dressing room.

 

Tim stood in the dressing room with a small slit on his back. As it began to pour blood Bruce winced. The cut must've opened again from all the movement. 

 

He also began to spot faint cuts on his back, he may have forgotten makeup could rub off. 

 

“Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry!” The woman cowered as she held a measuring tape in her hands, which had blood on it now. Most measuring tapes weren't sharp enough to leave a cut, but she didn't know that. 

 

Before Bruce had arrived he was aware that there were a couple new assistants. He planned that if anything went wrong that they could just blame it on their inexperience. 

 

Of course he hadn't expected it to happen with Tim.

 

“Oh Timmy!” Brucie gasped, “Are you alright?” He started to frantically look Tim over, moving his arms this way and that. Tim played along and didn't move. Jason, who was already by Bruce, took a few steps back. 

 

“Y-ya Tim are ya alright?” Jason hesitated, glancing back and forth between Bruce and Tim. 

 

Tim painted on a smile and nodded. 

 

The smile, he knew it was fake but the fact he was able to capture the look of genuine child-like innocence, was unsettling to say the least. If he didn't know beforehand it was fake then he would've been fooled.

 

“Mr Wayne! I sincerely apologize! I'll take all the blame for what has happened today.” The assistant pleaded, on her hands and knees. 

 

“It's alright,” Brucie gave a soft smile, “I knew the risk of taking them out this early but went forward with it anyways.” He stared down at the floor, dejected. 

 

“No!” Another assistant butted in, “It's not your fault Mr Wayne! You didn't know this would happen, as the assistants we should be prepared for anything!” 

 

“Allow us to take the blame, Mr Wayne!” The other assistant agreed.

 

“Are you sure?” Brucie hesitated.

 

The assistants frantically nodded back

 

Even though the assistants were determined he knew that if he stayed it was only a matter of time before they found out about the makeup.

 

So, Brucie insisted they really shouldn't be going through all this trouble for him. And while the assistants swore they could do it, they ended up coming up with a compromise, they would take the measurements at home then they'd give it to the store so they could make the outfits. And after that they allowed him to leave.

 

As soon as Bruce made it outside he made a break for the car, each child attached at one arm. If they were spotted by anyone , his whole plan would be foiled.

 

 The paparazzi would crowd the store and due to them being inexperienced with that sort of thing they would most definitely give information. 

 

Rumors about children could spiral out of control, fast . 

 

He really should've just stayed home and got Alfred to take the measurement because that's what he ended up doing anyways.



Bruce sighed he really hoped future outings wouldn't result in such stress, he'd have to train the boys in their acting. 

 

There was a dip in the bed and Bruce raised his head to look over. 

 

Jason was sitting cross-legged next to him. Bruce raised an eyebrow. “Aren't you supposed to be with Alfred?” Bruce questioned. 

 

Jason just shrugged and continued to poke at the blanket. 

 

“Jason, is something the matter?” Bruce tried again. Something didn't happen at the store, did it? Oh God, he hoped something didn't. 



 

Jason was going to do it! He was going to apologize to Tim!

 

Jason had a list of everything he had down to Tim that could possibly be seen as mean. 

 

He hadn't really noticed it before but he was actually pretty obnoxious. It was kinda funny because he usually didn't like obnoxious characters in books. 

 

Jason jumped up from his seat on the bed and with paper in hand, he went over to the bathroom. It was different from Alfred's usual perch in the kitchen but it made sense. Especially since the bathroom was the only real room with privacy. 

 

Tim stood on a stool with his arms stretched out allowing Alfred to measure him.

 

“Master Tim, you look so much healthier.” Alfred smiled. 

 

Tim looked down at his body then back up at Alfred and nodded. Then, with his arm that wasn't being measured, he grabbed his notebook and held it up. 

 

“Master Timothy I'm sorry but I cannot,” Alfred apologized. Tim slouched and looked downwards at the floor. “I’m sorry but still have to measure your brother after this, maybe you can find something entertaining to do by yourself until I'm available? You are very intelligent,” Alfred comforted

 

Tim sighed, but nodded. Why didn't Tim ask him whatever he asked Alfred? He could do it!! So why did he look so disappointed?

 

Jason turned around walking away from the bathroom. Maybe today wasn't the best day to say sorry. He could do it at the gala, it wasn't like there was going to be anything to do at those rich-people parties anyways.

 

Jason sighed looking down at the paper. Maybe he could ask someone to write it for him. His sentences didn't really seem genuine enough.

 

Bruce was a fancy rich adult so he'd surely be able to. He'd ask Alfred but remembering the interaction earlier it felt like he and Tim were in on some sort of secret.

 

However when he entered Bruce's room he suddenly didn't feel like asking. It was weird. He was ready but now that he’s actually here he felt….nervous? 

 

He didn’t really wanna talk anymore but he didn’t feel like leaving either. If he left the only other place to go was his room. He’d be alone

 

Maybe he could just stay here for a bit and relax. Bruce was laying down with his eyes closed so he probably wouldn’t even react to him there. 

 

Jason pulled himself onto the bed and- 

 

 “Aren't you supposed to be with Alfred?” Bruce asked. He spoke too soon; he should've just gone to his own room. 

 

He tried to ignore Bruce, he didn’t really wanna talk to him right now. Instead he started focusing on the blanket. It was pretty soft . However it was pretty distracting when you could practically feel someone’s gaze on you. 

 

So Jason shrugged. A win-win situation Bruce got his answer and he could be left alone again, and then they could get back to the peace and- 

 

Unfortunately not anything is that easy with Bruce and he continued to ask questions, he tried to communicate that he didn’t wanna take by pulling his legs up to his chest. But of course the old man didn’t understand he was just so clueless! 

 

He just continued asking questions. “Jason, is something the matter?”, “Jason, are you feeling okay?”, “Jason, you know you can talk to me right?”, “Jason-”, “Jason-”, “Jason-” 

 

“Oh my f*cking god Bruce! Shut up! Nothin' happened!” Jason snapped, f*ck he just yelled at an adult. He saw the shadow of the hand approaching, getting closer, closer, and closer. His hand was moving towards him. Bruce’s hand. Jason ran. 
Notes:

    Hey everyone!!! Thanks for getting this story to 194 kudos!!!

    Not everything good has been happening today but for some reason I feel happy

    Reminder to allow yourself to feel happy even if you feel like you don't deserve to!

    Nothing to really comment on in this chapter expect please tell me if you like the POV switch, usually I write a full chapter as one POV but since my chapters have been kind of short lately I've been trying how POV switches!

    Anyways, have a good day ya'll! ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 15: Introducing....RICH KID JASON
Summary:

    Rich kid Jason isn't really enjoying the life of a party

Notes:

    Hey guys I'm really sorry if this isn't super long I ended up getting really sick this week so it was hard to get myself to write

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Are you sure I have to wear this?” Jason whined pulling the collar of the shirt away from his neck. 

 

“Yes Jason.” Bruce sighed, looking down at his watch. “We're only going to be there for a few hours, don't you think you can deal with it until then?”

 

“Aren't ya like rich though? Can't ya just tell ‘em no?” Jason continued pulling the collar of the shirt away from his neck. It felt like it was choking him, even though he knew it wasn't. 

 

“No, we have to be polite.” Bruce answered, now beginning to adjust his own collar. “Okay so, I trust you both remember the story?” 

 

Jason rolled his eyes, “It's only like ya’ve told us a MILLION times.” Bruce gave him a hard stare in response. Jason sighed, “Fine, me and Timmy are here because our ‘ Daddy’ passed away in a car crash and sent us to live with Uncle Bruce.” Jason fake gagged at the word ‘Daddy’ but the over exaggeration didn't fool Bruce. In fact he didn't even seem to have a reaction. 

 

Jason scoffed, boringggg . With the amount that Bruce seemed to be concerned about him he would've thought he'd at least have some sort of reaction.

 

“Remember you are a child with a rich background, you will both have to come up with a fake persona.” Bruce lectured. 

 

Jason rolled his eyes, he just had to act like one of those snarky rich kids. That didn't seem too hard.



“I'll have you know my son is top of his class!” The woman scoffed, crossing her arms.

 

Acting like a rich b*tch wasn't hard. The hard part was deal with the other rich b*tches.

 

It wasn't his fault people kept coming up to talk to him.

 

This lady just randomly came up to him and started to brag about her son. With the amount she was saying it was almost like she was trying to sell her son to him. But it did make sense because rich parents usually set rich kids up so they could get an advantage over the other rich people. She had kept mentioning they should be friends. 

 

First of all, ew no. Second, he sounded like one of those smart kids who acted like they knew everything. Those kids were super annoying.

 

However, that was Jason's opinion. He was rich kid Jason now. So, of course he did what any rich kid would do. 

 

 He started to brag about his own accomplishments. 

 

It was only fair, right?

 

“So what if your son got top of his class? I got top of my grade.” Jason smirked. It was a far stretch from the truth of helping some kid with his homework. 

 

In his defense though, it was easy and if the homework was super easy for him and he didn't even go to school. So the class probably would've been super easy to.

 

The woman scoffed, “I was so nice to you! You should be grateful I even tried to talk to you! No one would talk to a scraggly kid at one of these events!” She then turned, flipping her hair as she did , and pranced away. 

 

Man, what a b*tch. Scraggly ? He was better dressed than he'd ever been thank you very much. 

 

Jason rolled his eyes as he spotted her flirting with a man, different from the one she had been flirting with before.

 

There was nothing really entertaining about these events. He always had pictured there would be a lot of drama and gossiping and while there was drama and gossiping it wasn't really that interesting. 

 

The most drama he's seen so far was when some women refused to not bring her cat to the party with her. She ended up leaving.



Jason sighed looking around, maybe now was a good time to apologize to Tim. He had tried earlier but he had been surrounded by people and Jason didn't really want to publicly apologize. 

 

But now, everyone was probably too busy obsessing over Bruce, who had been trying to hide away from everyone this whole time. 

 

Hah! Served him right for thinking he could just get away with not having to participate like all of them. Who knows maybe if they teamed up they couldve pulled it off then. He was the champion of hide and seek of course. 

 

Bruve started to send him short panicked glances that totally meant HELP! 

 

He didn't acknowledge any of them though, Bruce was on his own. This whole thing was his idea anyways.



He soon spotted Tim, unfortunately he was still surrounded by people. Jason sighed, this wasn't fair. He knew that people found Tim adorable but it wasn't like they had anything actually important to say to them. 

 

Unlike Jason, Tim actually put effort into keeping the conversations going even though he could only write to communicate. 

 

Why did Tim have to be so polite? He would honestly go and save Tim if he asked sorry Bruce . Expect without Tim saying anything and him still being mad at Jason, he guessed it would be better if he just stayed away. 

 

As he looked around again Jason spotted the food table. H*ll yeah! Fancy rich people food!

 

Even though he had his own fancy rich people food at home, usually it was just one focused meal like a turkey with some sides. While this one had several different meals! 



Just before he could start stuffing his face, Jason paused. A shadow passed over him, it was tall and lanky so much so that it almost looked inhuman. 

 

Jason quickly whipped his head around in hope to see who could be leaving such a shadow, but there was no one.

 

Jason narrowed his eyes, if being on the streets taught me anything it was to trust his gut.



“Alright everyone I have an announcement. As some of you have realized, there are children at today's gala.” Bruce started. Oh that was his que! Guess the desserts will have to wait. “Now, these children are my nephews..”

 

Bruce had prepared a whole speech for this beforehand. It was honestly surprising to see so much commitment over something as stupid as wanting a family. 

 

Why would anyone go so much out of their way to help people?



As Jason pushed through the crowd he spotted Tim at Bruce's side. He offered him a smile as he climbed up the stairs. However Tim didn't return it, instead he turned away away.

 

Jason flinched, maybe this whole apologizing thing wouldn't work out after all. Maybe Tim was just busy keeping up his act. Ya that was it. Tim would talk to him later!

 

For now, he's just got to stand and look pretty. 

 

“I hope you all can be welcoming to them as they've been through a lot and I feel like they deserve it.” Bruce continued, it was hard not to roll his eyes.

 

He knew rich kids would NOT be welcoming and would probably try to take advantage of him losing his “parents” ; they'd taunt him for it. 

 

Whoever had the most dirt on people would be the most powerful, that's what it was like for most rich people. Their reputation meant everything to them. 

 

Unlucky for them, Jason wasn't some rich kid. 

 

Jason huffed listening to Bruce’s exaggerated happy voice. This was taking too long- 

 

A sudden jolt of pain shot from his neck. He turned his head to see… Bruce?! 

 

Bruce was grabbing the back of his neck. 

 

Why was Bruce grabbing the back of his neck? 

 

Bruce didn't hurt kids. 

 

So why did it hurt? 

 

The grip was getting tighter now. Jason needed to do something. He needed to fight back but the urge to close his eyes was getting stronger. 

 

“S…stop..” Was all he could mutter before he succumbed to the dark.
Notes:

    OH MY GOSH 205 KUDOSSSSSSS ❤️❤️❤️

    Dudeeee I love ya'll thanks so much for your support <333333

    Anyways what do you guys think happened?

    Just a note this chapter was originally supposed to resolve the Tim and Jason issue but, I got sick so I didn't end up making this chapter as long as it was supposed to be....

    Next week I'm not planning to be sick tho so hopefully I can make it longer!

    THANKS FOR READING THIS CHAPTER!!!!!

Chapter 16: I didn’t mean to hurt you I guess it just seemed like I did
Summary:

    Tim and Jason bond under not the best circumstances

Notes:

    PHEW! Okay so I'm trying a new schedule for writing in order to be able to stress less and write more, and I THINK IT'S WORKING!!! It did take a bit to edit but I hope you all like it!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

It was dark. 

 

It reminded him of the dark room.

 

Was it the dark room?

 

No

 

Tim shook the thought away. 

 

Even though his eyes told him that this was the room there was something…different. 

 

Something Tim couldn't quite place it.

 

There was a groan in the darkness, and what sounded to be clothing shuffling around.

 

Jason? 

 

It sounded a bit like him….

 

No, it couldn't be Jason he was dead. 

 

There was a murmur of something that sounded awfully like it was in Jason's voice.

 

There was no way…oh! That's it! It must be Bruce's Jason! 

 

Tim took off his sunglasses, hoping to see better in the dark without them.

 

As Tim's eyes adjusted he spotted the figure.

 

 It did look like Bruce's Jason! However he was trembling.

 

That wasn't good. Bruce's Jason was barely afraid.

 

Tim crawled over investigating the trembling Jason. 

 

It sure felt like Jason's smooth suit. All suits felt the same though so it was a bit hard to tell.

 

As he moved his hand across Jason's back, he seemed to lean into the touch.

 

Jasons liked physical contact. 

 

“Tim…?” Jason whispered.

 

Tim patted Jason as reassurance. Tim hadn't used this sign before since he didn't know if he was allowed to touch anyone. Since it was so dark, it wasn't like there was another choice. Hopefully Jason would pick up on the meaning. 

 

“Is that a yes?” 

 

Tim nodded before he remembered Jason couldn't see him.

 

They sat in silence as Jason continued to tremble, not responding. 

 

Jason was acting a bit too much like his Jason it was concerning. 



The lights flashed on blinding Tim as he scrambled to put back on his glasses. 

 

He probably shouldn't have taken them off in the first place. 

 

When his eyes adjusted back to the light environment it was revealed that they were in a warehouse. 

 

A warehouse? 

 

Tim raised his eyebrow. Did the person think this through?

 

A warehouse wasn't exactly an ideal place to kidnap people. 

 

There were too many boards poking out and broken, if they were big enough openings they could act as an escape route.

 

Actually, maybe it was a good thing the kidnapper was naive.



A tall lanky man walked out from the darkness. 

 

He looked awfully strange with his tan ragged shirt and pants. 

 

Is this what homeless people looked like?

 

He didn't remember him being there before, he'd certainly remember anyone that looked like that even if it was dark. 

 

So he must've just shown up right now, meaning, there was a definite exit. 

 

Now all they had to do was find it. 

 

“What are ya-”Jason winced and took another breath, “Doing.”

 

 He looked like he was in pain but Tim saw no injuries on him.

 

What was going on? 

 

Did they hurt Jason somehow that wasn't visible?

 

“I'm just trying out a little experiment,” The lanky man answered.

 

Experiment? Tim could already tell this wasn't going to end well.

 

“You see,” The man began to slowly pace back and forth, “Bruce is a happy person, he's always smiling. He's never shown to be angry , or stressed out. Following?” The man asked, stopping his movement.

 

“So what?” Jason snapped. Tim gave the man a panicked glance, scared that Jason may have upset him. Thankfully he didn't seem angry.

 

“Patience, I was just about to say the reason.” The man took a breath and both Tim and Jason waited anxiously for the man to speak again. 

 

He definitely knew what he was doing.

 

“I want to break his happy facade and watch it crumple to the ground.” The lanky man’s voice lowered. 

 

Tim stiffened.

 

“All it takes is one crack for the wall to come falling down. And what better than to bring out fear in someone than a choice ? Which of his dear nephews should he save?” 

 

Tim really didn't like where this was going.

 

The lanky man cackled, his calm demeanor breaking, “The choice won't even be up to him because he won't be here! Batman will have to decide for him!” He continued to chatter on about his plan and ‘how great it was’ as he slunk back into the shadows 

 

This time Tim tried to keep an eye on him to see where the exit was. However if the brightness of the room contrasted with the dark shadows it made it so he could barely even see his outline before he got too far and blended in.

 

Tim sighed, it was never that easy. At least now that he left they'd have time to try and locate the exit without him stopping them.

 

Tim began to pull Jason over to the wall he had last seen the man.

 

There were a few broken planks which created a small opening. Tim crouched down to inspect them, dragging his finger across the jagged edges of the broken wood. 

 

It seemed big enough to fit through. They would have to be careful to not get poked by the wood, but, if they stayed as close to the ground as they could they may be able to make it. 

 

As a test he slipped his body halfway into the hole. He couldn't really see light but he did see grass in the distance, so maybe it was night?

 

Tim pulled himself out, careful to not poke himself on the wood, and looked over to Jason to see what he thought of the idea.

 

Jason shook his head, confusing Tim a bit, he always seemed fine with the vents at home. 

 

“Tim…I can't fit through that.” Jason stated almost as if trying to softly break the news to Tim.

 

Tim cringed, he couldn't believe he let such an obvious thing go over his head! Jason was way bigger than Tim and since Tim could barely fit in the opening as is, Jason had almost no chance of fitting through it.

 

He grabbed his hand trying to convey it was fine, still embarrassed by his mistake, and led him along the wall beginning to search for another opening.

 

Jason looked confused, but he didn't stop Tim from doing anything so he decided it wasn't really a thing to look into.

 

The warehouse wasn't really big, it was just empty. Which made it seem larger than it actually was. 

 

But it didn't overwhelm Tim in fact, he was actually thankful for lack of furniture. It made it way easier to spot the uneven planks and possible openings. 



It had been a little while, surprisingly the tall man wasn't back yet, which was a good thing because they had checked most of the warehouse already, and so far no exit was found.

 

This was really messing with him. He knew there was an exit. The problem was that they didn't know where it was, and with time ticking away their chances of escaping were decreasing.

 

It was getting to the point where they were trying anything. 

 

Then they tried to break the wood planks to make a bigger exit, but still, no luck.

 

They (Jason) tried to run into walls hoping to eventually weaken the wall and knock it down.

 

They even tried to climb up the wall using the nails and planks sticking out. Even though Jason got pretty far he ended up falling, so they stopped doing that.

 

They were running out of ideas and hope . 

 

Then he noticed something he hadn't seen before. Half of the roof went in and leaned up against each other creating the sort of triangle top you see on houses. The other half though, was straight. 

 

That was it! That was the exit! It must be up there! 

 

Tim's excitement came to a halt when he remembered what happened earlier when Jason tried to climb the wall.

 

Jason was in no state to climb let alone help him climb up to. 

 

There had to be another way up, right? Tim frantically looked around trying to find something that could assist someone in going up there. 

 

But it was no use, they had checked the whole building already and found nothing.

 

“Tim,” He looked over to Jason who had been watching him looking around. “Ya know, ya don't have to stay here with me.” Jason spoke quietly and was now hugging his legs to his body on the floor. 

 

Tim was dumbfounded, what was Jason even talking about?

 

“Ya can leave through the opening.” Jason pointed to the small opening they were looking at before. Then added, “Without me.”

 

Tim frantically shook his head, he didn't want to leave Jason!

 

What in the world was Jason thinking?

 

“Ya don't have to pretend. I know ya hate me.” Jason buried his head into his knees, not looking up.

 

He didn't hate Jason!  

 

Why would he think that? 

 

Tim remembered what his mother said about eye contact being important. So he pulled up Jason's head, which was pretty hard because he was so adamant to keep his head down, so that he could see him shaking his head. 

 

When he saw Jason's face though it made sense why he gave such a fight keeping his head down.

 

Jason was crying!

 

“But ya never hang out with me and avoid me.” Jason sniffled.

 

Tim knew he shouldn't have focused on himself. Bad stuff always happens when he does it.

 

Tim quickly shook his head and insisted that it was his fault but Jason wasn't having it. 

 

He himself started listing off all the things he's apparently done ‘wrong’ each time he said something he sobbed and it became harder to understand as the words started to blend together. 

 

The only way Tim would be able to calm down Jason and clear it up was to tell the whole story. 

 

While it was a risk, he didn't want Jason thinking it was his fault!

 

So Tim clapped his hands together several times, gaining Jason’s attention and he began explaining.

 

He told Jason how he really liked cameras and taking pictures with them. He knew Jason didn't like pictures so he was worried Jason wouldn't approve of his new hobby.

 

“I don’t ‘not like’ pictures?” Jason intervened with a quizzical look.

 

Tim shook his head, mentioning the attic and how he said the pictures looked boring. 

 

Jason stared at Tim confused, “In the attic? What pictures?” 

 

Tim reminded Jason of how he called the scrapbook boring because it didn’t have any words in it. 

 

“Huh? I wasn’t saying I didn’t like pictures though.” 

 

Tim tilted his head confused. 

 

“I was saying how it wasn’t a real book when it didn’t have words in it. If it was a book with pictures and words that’d be another story.” Jason explained

 

Jason and Tim stared at each other in silence.

 

Was it all really just a misunderstanding? 

 

He wasn’t really good with words so it did make sense…

 

 Jason cracked into a smile, the first smile he’d seen him do since before leaving for the party. 

 

Tim couldn’t stop himself from smiling back at him. 

 

Jason and Tim sat on the hard floor awaiting their fate. If only one could escape, they'd rather stay trapped together.
Notes:

    Okay okay before you read about me thanking ya'll (I just can't help it sorry guys!!) here's a question for ya'll: What do you all think is gonna happen?

    HEY EVERYONE!!!! We're almost at 6,000 hits!!!

    I honestly never expected people to like my story, it means so much coming from someone who also enjoys reading fanfics. You all have been nothing but kind to me and I'm so grateful for that.

    Not to mention getting past 200 kudos and 50 bookmarks, it really means so much you guys are willing to put in the time to read someone's little story.

    Thank you all ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 17: Can fear conquer all?
Summary:

    No one really is having a good time this chapter

Notes:

    Wooooooo! I finally finished! Rewrote basically the whole thing today so sorry if it's a bit weird sounding! Also! 3 POVS!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Welcome Batman!” The man shouted from above. “To the decision which could change your life!” 

 

Tim flinched, not expecting the voice as it had been silent a moment before.

 

While the lanky man continued on talking about the same strange stuff he had talked to Tim and Jason earlier. 

 

He wasn't gaining anything from listening to the speech a second time so instead he looked up towards Batman. 

 

Batman was looking down at them from a platform which led to the exit that they couldn’t reach.

 

The longer he looked the more he realized something was off about Batman.

 

He'd never seen Batman in person but he was pretty sure that trembling was exactly a common thing he did. Trembling meant fear and Batman didn't feel fear, did he?

 

His state of constant shaking reminded him somewhat of Jason, who had been constantly shaking. He was still shaking a bit now but it wasn't as bad as before.

 

Tim turned his head to try to get a better view of Batman to only be stopped by a firm hand on his head. 

 

Tim tried to move away but the hand remained. He felt something cold pressed to the side of his head.

 

That…that couldn't be right.

 

 Batman wouldn't have actually agreed to choose just one of them.

 

Right?

 

He…didn't want to die. 

 

He looked up towards Batman, absolutely betrayed. 

 

 

“No! Don't kill him!” Even though Bruce was yelling at Scarecrow to drop the gun. He didn't move and continued to smile, it wasn’t a Joker smile but it still made him nervous.

 

Jason felt sick.

 

Tim should've left. 

 

Why hadn't he left?

 

It was his fault. 

 

He should've thrown Tim out the exit when he denied leaving. 

 

Now Tim was going to die, because of him.

 

Jason could feel the fear come back, the nightmares. 

 

Jason was frozen, he didn't know what to do.

 

He felt something grab his shoulder. 

 

What are you doing?!

 

You can fight! 

 

Jason didn't have the strength to turn towards the voice. He was like a deer in headlights watching Tim approach his death.

 

Move!

 

Jason felt a sudden push forward. It wasn’t that strong so he was able to catch himself before he fell over.

 

Don’t you see?! 

 

If you don’t do anything he’ll die!

 

Do something, anything!

 

Two hands were placed on his shoulders and jerked him back and forth. Still Jason made no movement.

 

Come on!

 

The voice was starting to sound more like a whiny kid.



You wanted to make up for being mean to him right?! 

 

Well you can’t do that if he’s not here anyone!

 

If he’s….if he’s dead!

 

There was a shaky breath and a pause before it spoke again.

 

So, move! 

 

Jason was pushed forward once again this time it was stronger than the last.

 

He doesn’t deserve to die…!

Please! 

 

The voice's voice cracked.

 

Please save him!

 

That was the last thing the voice said before it disappeared



Jason clenched his fist, the voice was right. 

 

Why wasn’t he doing anything?

 

Tim was his brother after all, it was his job to protect him. 

 

He knew it wasn't really a smart idea to fight someone with a gun especially since he didn't have a weapon. 

 

Scarecrow's clothes weren't exactly thick or had any real protection like other costumes so all he really needed was something sharp to do serious damage. 

 

Something sharp… .

 

Hold on.

 

Jason checked his pocket. 

 

It was still here! 

 

He knew the Batarang would be useful!

 

Jason looked up, Scarecrow was still distracted. Good.

 

Jason made his move. 

 

First he stabbed Scarecrow in the leg throwing him off balance. 

 

He threw himself towards Scarecrow, wrapping his arms around him and pushing him towards the ground.

 

Scarecrow scrambled to gain control back in the situation, reaching to grab his gun, which he had dropped in surprise.

 

Jason took the Batarang and stabbed him in the chest making all his previous movements stop and now become concentrated on trying to get Jason off. 

 

His hands reached up to choke Jason but Jason didn’t move away and continued to stab him.

 

Jason was lifted off of Scarecrow and in his place a foot held Scarecrow down, who's erratic movements were beginning to slow.

 

Tim had also been picked up into the strong arms, he was shaking.

 

Jason was shaking too.

 

So was Batman.

 

Jason didn't want to sleep, he knew when he did nightmares would be there to greet him. 

 

But he couldn't help it, with the soft rocking back and forth as they slowly walked away. 

 

It made him feel….safe



 

What just happened?

 

Tim had been held at gunpoint and now suddenly he had a bloodied Jason, a traumatized Tim, and a knocked out rogue in his arms.

 

By the time reality hit Bruce he was approaching the manor with the villain still with him. 

 

Dang it 

 

He'd have to go all the way back into town to hand him over to the police.

 

Why did he even take the rogue in the first place? 

 

He couldn't really remember his thought process at the time he just remembered needing to get the boys home then his brain fogged over

 

Bruce looked down at the boys in his arms and was overcome with guilt. 

 

He should've found the villain and stopped him before any of this happened.

 

He had been feeling off ever since they got to the party. He tried to investigate but was quickly found out and swarmed by people and reporters. 

 

He had figured it probably was nothing and he was just paranoid, but just in case, they would leave early after the speech. 

 

That plan quickly backfired when mid-speech he started to hallucinate the alleyway and passed out. 

 

He wished he had just listened to his gut. 

 

Bruce dropped the villain off at the police station and briefly contemplated using his grappling hook before deciding it was too much of a risk while holding kids. 

 

Bruce got lost in his thoughts on the way back but he snapped into reality when he realized he was face to face with Alfred. 

 

He may have forgotten to tell Alfred what had happened. 

 

Oops

 

Bruce shrunk back. “Sorry,” 

 

Instead of scolding him Alfred just let out a sigh, “Come inside Master Bruce.” 

 

Alfred took Jason from his arms and Bruce continued to hold Tim. 

 

Working together they both got the boys ready for bed. When done they placed both the boys in Tim's room. 

 

It was quiet. 

 

Alfred made the first move. He stepped forward and….hugged him. 

 

And just like that Bruce was a little boy again, sobbing in his Father’s arms.

 

“It’s okay,” 

 

And Bruce wanted to believe that those words were true so badly.
Notes:

    Special thanks to SeleneMoon for the idea for Ghost!Jason !

    There honestly wasn't gonna be a Ghost Jason but as I sat down writing and then was just like f*ck it. So now there's two Jasons! I personally am headcannon-ing that Ghost Jason can only make himself visible/ heard when he has enough energy to, which is why Ghost Jason didn't stay long.

    Ghost Jason wasn't planned though so I don't know exactly when I will make him show up again.

    If you have any ideas of what to do with Ghost Jason feel free to comment them!

    Oh ya! And to just clear some stuff up for anyone who got confused, in chapter 15 everyone at the party was slowly being exposed to fear toxin which is why Tim and Bruce seemed a bit meaner.

    Anyways thanks for reading everyone!

Chapter 18: Realizations
Summary:

    Tim realizes some stuff

Notes:

    AHhhh its finally doneee!! Sorry that it's late!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Tim blinked.

 

He was back in his room. 

 

That was strange. He didn’t remember getting back to his room.

 

What happened to the Warehouse?

 

Was it all a dream?

 

No, at least he didn't think so.

 

The memory was too fresh and clear and why would he dream of such a thing aways? 

 

If it was a nightmare the Joker would've been in it. 

 

Also, Batman on the floor next to the bed. So something must've happened in order for him to be here. 

 

Wait, why was Batman here? 

 

Tim was pretty sure Batman didn't just fall asleep in civilian’s houses. 

 

Tim carefully unattached himself from Jason's arms and slid off the bed crouching down next to Batman. 

 

He'd seen Batman so close. 

 

The only time he'd ever seen him was in the warehouse and when he freed him from the Joker. 

 

He had never seen Batman before that or even heard of him.

 

His Jason had though. 

 

His Jason said that Batman was a superhero who saved people and didn't have powers. 

 

How could a superhero not have powers? 

 

Wasn't the point of adding “super” to the word “hero” meaning that there was something extraordinary about them? 

 

If he didn't have powers what made him different from a regular person?

 

Just then, Batman blinked and opened his eyes. 

 

In surprise Tim moved back towards the wall.

 

Batman sat up to face him. “Hello Tim.” He yawned a smile on his face.

 

B atman knew his name? 

 

Tim didn’t remember telling Batman his name last time he met him.

 

Did Bruce tell him? 

 

Tim knew there was some sort of connection between Batman and Bruce because when he arrived in the Batcave which was apparently Bruce’s basement.

 

Why did Batman have a base in Bruce’s basement?

 

It was something he had never quite figured out. He had been meaning to look into it but had completely forgotten about it due to all that had happened since he arrived.

 

“I’m going to go downstairs for food. Do you want to come with me?” Batman asked, putting his hand out for Tim to grab.

 

Tim squinted at the hand.

 

It seemed safe. 

 

After all this was Bruce's house and he probably knew it better than Batman.

 

So he cautiously put his hand in Batman's hand.

 

Tim knew that Batman could be trusted but it didn’t stop him from being cautious. 

 

The walk to the kitchen was silent, surprisingly Batman was able to find his way towards the kitchen.

 

“Good morning Master Tim,” Alfred greeted “Master Bruce.” Alfred nodded. 

 

Bruce?

 

Tim looked around the corner into the kitchen and then looked behind them. 

 

No Bruce

 

Why would Alfred greet Bruce if he wasn't here?

 

He didn't think that Alfred was old enough to start getting eyesight problems. 

 

“Would you both like to take a seat as I get breakfast started?” Alfred asked. 

 

Tim nodded but as he moved forward towards the chairs he felt something hold him back.

 

Batman wasn't moving. 

 

Confused, Tim let go of his hand but saw that Batman was still holding onto his. 

 

 Tim tugged his arm. 

 

“Oh sorry Tim.” Batman apologized.

 

Batman walked towards the table with him, he didn't let go of his hand.

 

Thankfully Jason rushed in, surely he'd save him.



“Tim?” Jason called into the room.

 

It wasn't a statement but instead a question.

 

Then Jason's eyes fell on Tim and he sighed. “Tim I was looking for ya everywhere!” 

 

Jason swung his arms behind him and pulled him in for a hug. 

 

Jason indicating contact?

 

Well this was strange. 

 

Now Tim could no longer move, completely trapped between two people. 

 

“I suggest you two free Master Tim's so that you all can sit at the table normally.” 

 

Before he could be given a chance to breathe Jason grabbed onto his arm and pulled him towards the chairs. 

 

“Let's sit over here!” Jason pointed to the far corner of the table and Tim could've sworn he saw Batman look like he was going to disagree but it was gone within a second.

 

What exactly was going on?

 

Nevermind that this was Tim's chance to get some answers. 

 

Surely Jason would know why Batman was here.

 

Tim tugged on Jason's sleeve to get his attention which he didn't really need to do because before he even touched him Jason turned his head towards him. Smiling to encourage the question. “What is it?” 

 

Tim pointed over to Batman. 

 

Jason looked back at him unfazed “What about him?”

 

What about him? 

 

Was Jason not even the least bit surprised that BATMAN was walking around in their house?!

 

As Tim tried to explain that Batman wasn't meant to be here but Jason just looked confused.

 

“Bruce lives here Tim.” 

 

Why didn't Jason get it? 

 

He was acting like this was a normal occurrence and Tim was pretty sure he hadn’t seen Batman walk around the house before.

 

Unless…

 

Did it happen before he got here? 

 

That seemed perfectly logical. But still it begged the question as to why? 

 

Bruce had to know that Batman's base was in his basement. For Bruce to allow that they must be close to one another. 

 

Friends? 

 

It wasn't entirely unlikely. Especially with how everyone was acting around him.



“Right Tim?” Jason asked, smiling. 

 

Tim blinked, he hadn’t realized a new conversion had started. 

 

Alfred sighed, “Masted Jason, I don't believe he understands what that means.” 

 

“But everyone says it!” Jason insisted.

 

“Not everyone knows the whole dictionary of curse words and I'd like to keep it that way. So please refrain from cursing when you can.” Alfred went back to cooking and everyone knew that was the end of that conversation, there was no arguing with Alfred.

 

Despite this Jason still made it clear that he disagreed by sticking his tongue out at him when he wasn't looking.



The rest of breakfast went by pretty quickly. There were a few mentions of a villain but the conversions were stopped due to Alfred not wanting vigilante talk at the table.

 

“Hey Tiny do you want to do your camera stuff at the park? Bruce said he’d take us.” Jason offered. 

 

The park? 

 

Tim had never been to the park before! He had heard of other kids going though, it was supposed to be really fun. Now that his parents weren’t here he could finally go!

 

Tim nodded. 

 

Jason smiled, “Okay you get your camera!” 

 

“Hold on, you aren’t going to the park in your pajamas.” Alfred stated. 

 

“But Alfred!” 

 

Tim could tell another argument was going to start so he backed off instead focusing on getting his camera. Hopefully the argument didn’t shorten the time at the park. 

 

On his way towards his room he ran into Batman again. 

 

What was he still doing here?

 

Tim thought he would’ve left after breakfast. 

 

“Oh Tim, I’ve been meaning to talk to you.” 

 

Tim tilted his head. He didn’t have his notebook so he didn’t really know how’d he be able to communicate with him. 

 

“I know you have trouble communicating sometimes and so I’ve been thinking maybe we could enroll you into a sign language class. I found a really good one and it’s all online so we wouldn’t have to bring you anywhere that would make you uncomfortable.” Batman explained, he seemed to be getting more excited as he went on. 

 

Tim had heard of sign language before, it was something people with disabilities used to communicate. Disabilities were a weakness.

 

 Was Tim allowed to be disabled? 

 

His parents said that he wasn’t supposed to be weak but, his parents weren’t here. 

 

Did he have to follow their rules if they weren’t here? 

 

Was it okay? 

 

Tim looked up at Batman. 

 

Batman didn’t seem upset at all, instead he seemed happy. 

 

Batman was good.

 

Batman was friends with Bruce.

 

Batman saved him. His parents didn’t. 

 

Maybe…maybe it was okay. 
Notes:

    Hey guys sorry if a lot didn't happen this chapter, I've had major writers block and ended up procrastinating until last minute. Next week's chapter also might be a bit thrown together because finals are due and I haven't finished it yet so just a warning.

    Anyways thank you for reading ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 19: New Character Unlocked
Summary:

    Jason goes to the park and makes a friend-

    Jason: No we're no!

    Oh right sorry, enemy.

Notes:

    Sorry if there's any issues! I was busy a lot of the week but I tried my best!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Timmy, do ya want to play hide and seek?” Jason asked, jumping out of the car. 

 

He'd seen this park before but it had been destroyed way before he was alive so all that was left was a mess of sharp plastic.

 

Hide and seek seemed like a good game to play here. There were a lot of hiding spots but not so much that you didn't have to be resourceful.

 

Tiny nodded, clutching the camera around his neck. Bruce had gotten him a strap so it'd be easier to carry around.

 

“Ok I'll-” Jason paused, looking over to Tiny.

 

He thought back to the time in the warehouse and bit his lip.

 

“Tim?” 

 

Tiny looked up at him.

 

Jason took a breath, he didn't have to play hide and seek; he could play that at home anyway. “What do you want to do?” He asked. 

 

Tiny’s head tilted, confused. 

 

“You can choose.” Jason nodded, encouraging him.

 

Tiny fidgeted before shy-ly raising the camera. 

 

“Ok! Let's do that then!” Jason agreed, “How about we take pictures going down the slide that could be cool, right? Or- or maybe we could go into the plants and take pictures of bugs! Or! We could climb up the playground and take pictures from there!” 

 

He never knew there were so many options of what to take pictures of! 

 

Next time he was bored he should probably do that. 

 

Tim nodded.

 

To what option he was nodding to he didn't know, but that was fine. They could just do it all!

 

“What do you want to try first?” 

 

Tiny took a second but then pointed to the playground. 

 

“You want to climb it with me?” 

 

Tiny shook his head and pointed to Jason. 

 

Jason sighed, he had hoped he would be able to climb up with Tiny, it was fun climbing with someone. It was probably for the best though he wasn't exactly good at climbing when he tried to climb that tree last time and it didn't end well.

 

“Won't let ya down!” Jason saluted him.

 

Tiny smiled. 

 

Once in the playground he spotted the perfect opening. There was a fence in the playground to keep the kids from falling or something. He could climb onto it and then climb up the pole leading to the top. 

 

The only thing that would really be difficult was how slippery everything was. He didn't remember it raining last night but it must've.

 

Pulling himself onto the railing he looked up at the pole. The height was a bit higher than he had expected but he could still work with it.

 

“Hey, what are you doing?” A voice called him out from below. 

 

Jason paused, he saw anyone else at the park when they got there. Curious, he looked down trying to spot the owner of the voice. 

 

He spotted a little red head wearing a Batman hoodie who stood out horribly against the pale brown wood chips. 

 

It seemed like even though Batman hadn't been doing this for long he had already started getting fans. Which was to be expected. 

 

“What does it look like I'm doing?” Jason sassed. 

 

“It looks like you're going to get in trouble for climbing up there.” Red Head crossed her arms.

 

Jason deadpanned, no adult would care if he climbed up here. Even if they didn’t it wasn't like he'd listen anyways.

 

“You really shouldn't do that.” Red Head warned.

 

Jason rolled his eyes and decided he'd just ignore the little kid and start climbing. 

 

Jason jumped grabbing onto the pole and used his arms to keep pulling himself up, his feet supporting him. He repeated this motion until he reached the top.

 

Once he reached the top he sat down on the edge swinging his legs.

 

“You're going to fall.”

 

“Can you just leave me alone?” Jason glared below. 

 

“No, because if you fall I'll have to call 911.”

 

Jason scoffed, if he did fall he wouldn't even be injured it wasn't that high off the ground. 

 

“Then can you shut up at least?” Jason snapped.

 

“That's a mean word you shouldn't say that.” 

 

“Whatchu gonna do about it? Arrest me?” Jason mocked. 

 

Red Head puffed up her chest. “Well actually my dad can, he's a cop.” 

 

Corrupt cop has an annoying kid? 

 

That didn't sound unlikely. 

 

“No one can be arrested for saying bad words, kid.” 

 

“They can't?” The girl seemed genuinely surprised. 

 

Don't tell me she actually thought that was true-

 

“No they can't, it's not part of the law. Plus so many people curse that if that was true practically the whole city would be in jail.” Jason explained. 

 

Red head was quiet, probably thinking to herself.

 

“That makes sense.” Red Head agreed 

 

Jason nodded and the camera around his neck moved a bit with the wind. 

 

Oh ya! The picture! 

 

Jason had almost forgotten.

 

The camera felt big and bulky in his hands. Jason flipped the object around in his hands. 

 

It didn't seem like there was a “on” button so maybe he should just press the trigger?

 

Jason looked around for a potential good picture before spotting a large tree. 

 

It wasn't crazy or anything but was probably the nicest thing in view. The only other thing that you could really see besides it was the street and the buildings.

 

So Jason took a quick picture waiting for the picture to print out before deciding to spite Red head and jump down from the playground, landing perfectly with no injuries. 

 

“Timmy got your pictures.” Jason waved the slip of paper up at Tiny who was still on the playground.

 

Tiny nodded peering out from in-between the bars. 

 

“Could you please teach me how to do that?” Red Head asked. 

 

She was still here? 

 

Jason had thought she had left with how quiet it was.

 

“No.” Jason tapped Tiny's shoulder and motioned to the rest of the playground. 

 

Tiny thought for a moment before pointing over to the plants and Jason nodded. 

 

“Please, if I learn it then maybe my dad will finally let me go on patrol with him!” Red Head begged.

 

“No,” Jason grabbed Tim's hand and walked towards the bushes. 

 

The point of going to the park was for Tim and Jason to hang out, NOT including some random kid. 

 

“What about playing Batman then? It could help with your survival skills.”

 

Jason rolled his eyes. How could a game like “Batman” help with his survival skills? Even if it did it wasn't like he didn't already have survival skills, probably even more than a game could give you.

 

“Come on! Aren't you Bruce's kids? You rich kids probably need it.”

 

Jason ignored her, pulling out the camera and taking a picture of a flower just starting to bloom out of a bush. 

 

“You should turn off the flash since it's not that dark.” Red head pointed out. 

 

Flash? Aren't cameras supposed to flash though?

 

Jason was a bit confused and continued to ignore her. Tiny however, seemed interested in it, taking out his notebook and writing something.

 

“Here I can show you.” Red head held out a hand for the camera. 

 

Jason stepped back not really sure he should give it to her. It was Tiny's prized possession too. 

 

He looked over to Tiny who nodded.

 

Jason looked down at the camera. 

 

He'd rather not but if Tiny wanted him to he guessed he had to follow through.

 

Red Head fumbled around with it, barely holding onto the sides which immediately triggered alarms in Jason's head. 

 

He wanted to just take it back into the safety of his hands but Tiny didn't seem to have a problem with it so what could he really do? It wasn't his camera anyway.

 

Red Head flipped around the camera so that they could see. “See this is the override button.” She pointed to a small black button. “You want to press this instead of the main trigger button so it'll take the picture without flash.” The kid demonstrated taking a photo of herself before handing it back. 

 

‘Thank you,’ Tiny wrote in his notebook.

 

“It's no problem,” Red Head beamed.

 

As Tiny and Red Head “talked” Jason turned away, trying to look for another good picture spot near the plants, that was what they were doing anyway.

 

“Are you sure you don't want to play Batman with us Jason?”

 

“Us?” Jason asked, a bit confused. 

 

He didn't remember seeing another person.

 

“Ya! Tim is going to play with me.” Red Head explained.

 

TIM?

 

Tim agreed?

 

Jason looked at Tiny. 

 

He wasn't pressured into it right?

 

Tiny just smiled. 

 

Jason looked down at the camera. He didn't want to be taking pictures by himself but he didn't want to force Tim to play if he was pressured into it.

 

Jason sighed “What do ya do?” 

 

“Yay!” She exclaimed. “Okay so, someone is going to be Batman and Batman has to try and save the hostage from a villain. It's like one of those games that can change because of the characters. So you can add your own twist to the game.” Red Head explained. 

 

This game sounded familiar…

 

It was like those roleplaying games he'd play with the younger kids on the street. 

 

“Alright then!” The kid clapped her hands together. “You’re gonna be Batman! I'll be the villain and Tim, you're gonna be the hostage.”

 

Jason thought he'd be a better villain but, whatever, it was just a game anyway.



Red Head had Tiny tied up at the tree. If he could sneak up from behind then he could cut him free from the back with his Batarang. 

 

Sneaking up behind the tree was easy. Red head was looking towards the playground which was the last place he showed himself.

 

As he reached towards Tiny to cut him free, someone grabbed his arm.

 

He should've known it wouldn't be that easy. 

 

“Batman I knew you would try to do that! For I am The Timekeeper and I-” 

 

Jason used this chance to yank his arm back and push go to the ground, restraining her. 

 

“Hey!”  

 

“Ya know I never really understood why villains even did those monologues, it always leaves em wide open.” Jason smirked.

 

Red Head scoffed, “At least I'm playing into my role you should know Batman doesn't smile.” 

 

There was a tap on his head. It didn't hurt but was enough to surprise him, making him look back to see what it was.

 

Was that Tiny? 

 

Holding a stick-

 

Oh no

 

Red head pushed him back just enough to free herself and stood in front of him triumphantly. 

 

“Haha! Always expect the unexpected Batman for-!”

 

There was a chuckle behind them. 

 

“Sorry I'm going to have to cut your game short kids, it's time to go eat lunch.” Bruce announced.

 

“Aww we were just starting.” Red Head whined.

 

“Sorry but, Alfred will be upset if we're late.” 

 

That was true. Alfred liked them to eat their meals on time, something about it becoming a habit.

 

Jason wouldn't lie though he was a bit disappointed it had ended. The game was sorta fun.

As he began to walk towards the car he felt a tap on the shoulder.

 

Red Head stood behind him, “Here’s your camera, you left it on the bench.”

 

He grimaced thinking about how sad Tim would be learning he lost it. 

 

“Thanks Red Head.” 

 

She blinked, “Red head?” 

 

“Ya you have red hair.” 

 

She scoffed, “I have a name you know.” 

 

“Well I don't know your name.” He shrugged.

 

“You could've asked.” She argued. 

 

“What's yur name then.”

 

“Well now I'm not going to tell you! You should've asked when you had the chance.” She crossed her arms and walked away.

 

“Well just so ya know I never wanted to know yur name!” He yelled.
Notes:

    I didn't really mention this in the chapter but just in case ya'll go confused. Barbara is a kid in this, she's 10 and just in case ya'll forgot here's a little refresher on the ages:

    Tim: 4
    Jason: 13
    Bruce: 23
    Alfred: Immortal
    Ghost!Jason: You're just gonna have to find out C:

Chapter 20: More information is acquired
Summary:

    Jason hangs out with Red again and Bruce realizes some things

Notes:

    This....this chapter wasn't supposed to go this way....

    Originally this was supposed to go differently but I ended up not even coming close to finishing the chapter so I just cut it in half and tried to make it interesting.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

‘Mr Gatsby answered him with a smile,’

 

Jason turned the page taking the chance to change his position from laying on the carpet to sitting. 

 

Jason was currently reading through the ‘Old gems’ collection in the library. It had taken Bruce some trial and error to find him the right type of books he liked so he was pretty grateful for the collection, even though the name could use some improvement.

 

 Tim sat at his desk organizing his pictures. Originally he had been reading out loud but the kid complained. 

 

Speaking of the devil, a poof of red hair popped out from under the bed.

 

“Are you sure these belong to you?” Red head questioned holding up a diamond bracelet.

 

Alfred had suggested they have a play date because for some reason he said he needed friends.  Jason honestly didn't really see anything wrong with making friends but why out of all people did it have to be her. 

 

“Yes, that's mine.” Jason snapped, grabbing it from out of her hands. 

 

Bruce had said that everything in the house belonged to both him and Jason so technically he was right.

 

“Are you sure? You don't strike me as someone who would wear diamonds.” She prodded.

 

“That's none of your business.” Jason pointed at her accusingly. “Yur too noisy.” 

 

The girl huffed “Someone's cranky.” She muttered under her breath. 

 

Jason was tempted to deny it but he kept his cool and went back to reading his book. 

 

Before he could finish reading the page there was a sudden thud as something clattered to the floor.

 

Jason shot his head in the direction of the noise. 

 

A painting that had been above his bed frame had fallen down, which was probably to Red head's doing.

 

“Hey Booky! Come look at this!” Red head exclaimed pointing to the small white door that was left.

 

“Book-y?” He questioned closing his book.

 

“Its because all you do is read. You were wayyyy more fun at the park.” 

 

Jason rolled his eyes. “If I knew we were going to name eachother off of stuff I would call ya Shrimp. Small and red just like you.” 

 

“Well I'll have you know that I'm still just a kid and haven't gotten my growth spurt.” Red declared. 

 

“Suree”

 

The bed sank as Tiny climbed up, joining them in front of the door.

 

Red tried to twist the doorknob.

 

 “It's stuck.” Red pouted, raising her hands to her hips. “You think they're a key somewhere?” 

 

Jason shrugged, “Probably. There's keys to almost everywhere, the hard part is finding em.” 

 

They paused as they started hearing steps approach the room.

 

“Hurry! We have to hide it!” Red whisper-shouted as she jumped off the bed and grabbed the painting. 

 

“Hide it? I'm sure Alfred already knows about it.” Jason pointed out grabbing the other side of the painting helping her haul it onto the bed.

 

Tiny stood off to the side just watching them.

 

He didn't blame him, he only just started helping her out of instinct.

 

As the door knob turned they were able to reattach the painting on the small nail and Red sighed a sigh of relief.

 

“Hello children I trust you haven't been getting in trouble.” Alfred greeted giving a small nod. 

 

They nodded.

 

 “Miss Gordon, your Father is here.” Alfred motioned for her to follow him. 

 

Red nodded and turned to him. “Let's explore the door next time.” She whispered. 

 

Jason, not really knowing what else to do, just nodded.

 

They trailed off Alfred making their way to the front door where Bruce was already talking with an older guy (probably Red’s dad). 

 

His thoughts were confirmed when Red ran up to the man and reached up towards him.

 

The man laughed bending down to pick her up, “Did you have fun Barbara?” 

 

Barbara? Was that really her name? No wonder she didn't tell him.

 

Red frantically nodded, “Can we come again?” 

 

“Well if it's alright with you Mr Wayne.” The man smiled. 

 

“Oh yes of course! You're welcome anytime.” Bruce smiled his way too bright fake smile. 

 

Red waved towards them, “Bye Tim, bye Booky!” 

 

Tim politely waved back while Jason stuck out his tongue.

 

It was a bit childish but who cares. 

 

 

 

Bruce honestly couldn't believe his boys made friends with Gordon's niece. 

 

He vividly remembered looking for Barbara but not finding her but this kid definitely confirmed he missed something. 

 

It got him thinking. 

 

Did I miss any other kids in my world? 

 

It was entirely possible. 

 

Not able to suppress his curiosity Bruce started looking again. 

 

Even if he didn't find any kids then maybe he could at least find out how he missed her.



“Barbara Kean-Gordon came into custody of Jim Gordon after a her parent's death on December 16-” 

 

Wait.  

 

Bruce opened a new page.

 

‘ Barbara Kean-Gordon born to Thelma Eileen Kean and Roger Gordon’ 

 

 It all started to make sense. 

 

He had been looking for a Barbara Gordon . When he couldn't find one that looked like her he moved on. He hadn't even considered the possibility of her having another last name.

 

In fact, his kids (of this universe) could've been adopted by someone else and had their last names changed. 

 

Instead of his kids (of this universe) dying on the streets somewhere, they could've been adopted by someone. 

 

The thought soothed him. 

 

Bruce's hand grazed over the pictures on the desk. 

 

He must've forgotten to give them to Tim.

 

Bruce smiled, coming across a photo of Jason in a tree. 

 

He was so glad Tim and Jason were getting along. He almost couldn't believe there was a time when they weren't close. 

 

If he hadn't taken them in where would they be now? 

 

He knew Jason would still be on the street but Tim…

 

Would Tim even still be alive? 

 

Bruce looked back towards the computer. 

 

The white screen gleamed back at him. 

 

This was going to be a long night.
Notes:

    Okay it's finally done. I don't know why this chapter was a struggle so much for me to write.

    Sorry if it's a bit boring originally more stuff was supposed to happen but it was too much stuff and I ended up not being able to finish it in time.

    But on another note, I did way too much research on Barbara's parents for this....trust me it's not worth it....the comics are so indecisive

    Note: I couldn't find Thelma’s last name so I just gave her Barbara’s (No it's not Barbara as in Gordon's kid but instead Gordon's wife Barbara) last name instead.

Chapter 21: Excitement
Summary:

    There's excitement. Mostly from Jason. Is it good or bad or maybe nervous, I don't know read and find out

Notes:

    ITS LATE ITS LATE (I'm sorry I got lazy naming the chapter it's late and I really don't have time to be creative)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

 

F*ck

 

F*ck

 

F*ck 

 

Jason pulled himself over the brick wall tumbling into the trash before quickly picking himself back up and running.

 

He could hear them behind him somehow not losing speed at all.

 

His legs hurt, he really shouldn't have jumped on those roofs earlier.

 

Jason rounded the bend, almost losing his footing on the concrete.

 

Just one more circle! 

 

Then this whole thing could be over and they could go home.




Earlier:



Jason sat at the table eating his cereal.

 

It was one of those fancy cereals with the sugary candy things mixed with the regular cereal.

 

Alfred had bought it from the store trying to experience different food. 

 

While the cereal looked pathetic and childish it tasted pretty good.

 

Before taking another spoonful Jason looked up just in time to see Bruce look away.

 

Bruce had been acting more awkward than usual. He just kept staring at them. It was extremely uncomfortable.

 

As he went to get another spoonful he felt Bruce's eyes move back towards him. 

 

He could barely keep himself from sighing. 

 

“Just, spit it out.” Jason mumbled, stirring his cereal. 

 

“Huh?” Bruce looked over this time, meeting his eyes.

 

 “What are ya gonna say?” Jason crossed his arms, "We both know you wanna say something.” 

 

Tiny nodded.

 

 “Well,” Bruce hesitated, “I…I found another kid.” He confessed.

 

“We have another kid?!” Jason exclaimed. 

 

Jason shoot up standing up on his chair trying to see over the table

 

If there was another kid , he most likely would follow Bruce around like Tiny did.

 

Of course he didn't remember hearing another kid come up but he could always just be really quiet.

 

Bruce raised up his hands a bit surprised by Jason's excitement. “Slow down, we don't have another kid yet.”

 

 “Oh,” Jason sat back down in the chair raising a hand to cover his face. 

 

He couldn't believe he just acted like that.

 

If the kid was here he probably would've scared him.

 

“I’ve located a kid and I'm planning on getting him today.” Bruce clarified.

 

Jason's mind raced.

 

He always knew there would be another kid one day but he never expected it to come so soon.

 

He wondered if the kid would act like Tiny when he first got here or maybe he would be completely different.

 

No matter what the kid acted like though, he was going to be a good big brother.

 

“Hold on, why are ya only telling us today?” Jason questioned.

 

It was an improvement from the 0 day 0 hour notice Bruce gave him last time but still!

 

“Well it was kind of last minute.” Bruce gave him a guilty look.

 

Oh. 

 

So he just found the kid today, good to know.

 

“This time might be a bit different from the other times so I'm going to need you to be at the Batcomputer.” Bruce added.

 

“Why's it different?” 

 

While controlling the Batcomputer sounded cool, the fact that Bruce didn't do this before with Tim made him worried.

 

“Well…” Bruce hesitated, “I may encounter some… issues .” 

 

Jason didn't like the sound of that. 

 

Bruce hadn't taken any caution when it came to his world and his world was f*cked. 

 

So there must be something seriously wrong with this kid's world.

 

Tim must've picked up on it because when he raised his notebook the sentence on it was ‘Is he ok?’

 

Bruce offered a small smile but it didn't reassure him in the slightest, “He will be.” 



After breakfast Bruce showed them how to use the Batcomputer. Which was more like learning what each other button did.

 

With the amount of buttons on the computer you'd think he had a button obsession or something. There really was no need for so many of them.

 

Which made it worse was how confusing Bruce was when he explained it. 

 

It was like ‘ press this button if blah blah blah. But! press this button instead if blah blah blah. Then, press this button and blah blah blah will happen.’ 

 

At least Tiny seemed to be understanding. He had even begun writing down notes.

 

Jason bit his lip. 

 

Tiny was super skinny when he first arrived, would the new kid be the same? 

 

“Bruce.” 

 

Bruce looked up from the computer, “Yes?” 

 

“Can I come?” 

 

Bruce's eyes widened.

 

“If the kid's really in danger then it'd probably be hard for ya to deal with on yur own. So I-”

 

“No!” 

 

Jason stiffened. 

 

He hadn't heard Bruce ever yell before. 

 

Bruce winced. “No no I'm sorry I didn't mean to yell.” Bruce looked away, “I would love your help, it's just dangerous .”

 

Jason scoffed, “Ya don't think I can handle it?” 

 

Bruce fidgeted with the paper in his hands, not meeting his eyes.

 

“I'm not weak, ya know.” He crossed his arms.

 

“I never said that…” A ding sound echoed through the cave. “Look I have to get going, we can talk about this later.” 

 

Adults, they were all the same. 

 

Jason pulled his legs up to his chest, letting his head fall on his knees.

 

He just wanted to be helpful…
Notes:

    I'm sorry guys! I forgot to post and go carried away with other things!

    Anyways who do you think the new kid is gonna be ????

    I was honestly debating on if I should introduce a new kid especially because I have a few story lines that I haven't gotten to yet but I figured that I might as well get the ball rolling before I end up going on vacation.

    WHICH ALSO I HAVE AN IMPORTANT ANNOUCEMENT!
    I'm going to be going on vacation in a week! During vacation I won't have time to write so I won't be posting any chapters during this time. Don't worry once I get back I'll start uploading chapters again at my normal uploading schedule.
    (I'll give more info next week!)

Chapter 22: Some birds can’t fly but they sure are fast
Summary:

    Why can't Jason just listen?

Notes:

    IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT AT END OF CHAPTER!!!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Bruce pressed himself against the wall, praying that he was quiet enough for them to not come into this room.

 

If they did there was no doubt they would spot his large figure immediately.

 

It was the only time Bruce actually cursed himself for being so muscular.

 

 In his arms there was a twitch and Bruce adjusted his hold earning a chirp from the kid.

 

While Bruce was delighted that the boy was capable of making noise he placed his hand carefully over his mouth.

 

As much as he hated doing this he knew it was necessary to ensure they weren't caught. 

 

He could still hear the faint footsteps outside. 

 

They had been walking in front of this room for a while which he assumed was his fault.

 

Due to the lack of information he had he ended up coming into this blind and accidentally making them aware of his presence. He really should've expected they had uniforms and were highly trained. 

 

He had managed to steal one of the owl masks so that helped however his movement was sloppy and if he went out in front of them they'd definitely recognize him as the intruder.

 

If only he could signal for the portal down here. 

 

Bruce had learned the hard way that apparently the signal didn't work in this area. For what reason he didn't know, but it was most likely some security measure they set up. 

 

During the time he was trying to signal the talons had located him and chased him through the hallways. Bruce was eventually able to lose them but he knew if he stayed they would eventually find him.

 

Now instead of just teleporting out like he had teleported in, he actually had to locate the exit.

 

This was already such a mess

 

As the footsteps started to go away Bruce peeked out.

 

Thank goodness he didn't see any cameras or he would look horribly suspicious right now.

 

Bruce started to carefully make his way through the hallway, trying to mimic their way of walking.

 

The kid hung loosely in his arms as if he was just a doll. His gray skin also wasn't helping with the image.

 

As he went through the hallway he couldn't help but notice how devoid of color everything was, it was all just white. 

 

The lighter background made it harder to blend in which was probably its intended purpose.

 

He started to hear loud footsteps.

 

But that wasn't right, talons had quiet footsteps. 

 

Why would….

 

Then it occurred to Bruce the loud footsteps were just getting louder, it sounded like someone was running right for him! 

 

Bruce began to quicken his pace. 

 

Maybe it was just a trick?

 

Then an alarm started blare through the hallways.

 

Why does this always have to happen to him? 

 

He didn't see anywhere to hide, he could always get back to the previous spot but loud footsteps were coming from that way.

 

Just then someone bumped into him causing him to stumble.

 

“ Sh*t” The person cursed. 

 

Bruce knew that voice.

 

“Jason?” He breathed out turning to face him.

 

It was, indeed, Jason.

 

“Huh- How you do-?” Jason stuttered, out of breath.

 

“Jason what are you doing here?!” Bruce exclaimed.

 

“Who-” Jason's eyes widened, “Bruce?!”

 

“I told you to stay in the cave for a reason, it's too dangerous here!” He scolded, watching the corners of the hallway like a hawk.

 

It was only a matter of time until they found them.

 

“But-!”

 

“Where's Tim? He didn't come with you did he?!” Bruce panicked, looking back at Jason. 

 

Jason fidgeted, “He's in the cave but-”

 

Bruce let out a sigh of relief, “Thank goodness.”

 

Tim being here would be a complete disaster. 

 

“Okay, Jason,” Bruce started to pace, “It’s only a matter of time until they find us. We have to come up with a plan. We can't just keep running around until we find the exit or we'll eventually get tired and they'll catch us. We could try and use the alarm as cover but they are aware we are here so it may not be the best time. We could wait the alarm out but we're only going to be losing time, the longer were here the more-” 

 

“Bruce!” Jason yelled. 

 

He froze. 

 

“We thought you were dead,” Jason’s voice cracked.

 

“...What?”

 

“Your signal disappeared and we couldn't find you!” 

 

Oh

 

That was right, his signal.

 

He hadn't even thought about how the boys would respond to it.

 

Communication devices didn't exactly work across universes so instead he had a tracker on so that they'd be able to see where to open the portal.

 

When the tracker stopped working they must've thought someone had found him and broken it.

 

Bruce hugged Jason with his free arm. “I'm sorry to have worried you. Just next time please don't follow me even if I'm in danger.” 

 

Jason but his lip and nodded. 

 

Bruce stood up and ruffled his hair. 

 

Just then Bruce faintly heard the sound of footsteps.

 

Just when it couldn't get any worse

 

Bruce picked Jason up with his free hand, and looked back and forth between the hallways. 

 

“If it helps, I still remember the map.” 

 

Jason was a life saver



Thanks to Jason they managed to find the exit unfortunately it just so happened the talons also knew the way to the exit.

 

“Jason, listen to me carefully. When we leave the building we're going to have to split up, I can't risk the talons getting into the cave if we signal Tim. So, we're going to have to try to lose them, alright?”

 

Bruce couldn't exactly see Jason but he saw a bit of movement so he must've nodded.

 

He hoped it was a nod.



 

 

Jason sprinted out towards the library and it wasn't long before he started to hear the things or well Talons (that was what Bruce called them right?) follow closely behind him. 

 

Jason had never seen anything like them before. 

 

Most were in some sort of weird costume that looked sort of like a bird(?) 

 

What made it weirder is that some of them were missing parts of the costume exposing their gray-ish skin.

 

As he neared the library he spotted the AC sticking out of the building.

 

Haha! It was still here! 

 

Jason took a running jump and launched himself towards the AC. 

 

He had done this motion so much time it was almost second nature even after having not done it in awhile.

 

Apparently it was also easy for the talons(?) because they were still coming at him, not even slowing down a little bit.

 

Jason took a breath, he could do this he just needed to focus.

 

Thankfully the layout of this Gotham seemed pretty similar to his own. So when he neared the end of the roof he wasn't even nervous. 

 

He knew that another roof would be just a few feet away.

 

And just as he thought, there was a roof just a few feet away from this one.

 

A shock went through his body as he landed.

 

Jason shook it off and kept running. There was no time to be in pain.

 

As he neared the end of this roof he readied himself to jump again.

 

He couldn't really see the next roof but this one was shorter than this one, so it did make sense that you wouldn't be able to see it from here.

 

That's when Jason's blood ran cold.

 

Oh sh*t

 

There was no roof.
Notes:

    IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!!!

    I am leaving on vacation in a few days. The vacation will likely be about 2 weeks long and I will NOT be posting during this time. Don't worry once I get back I will try to get back into the grove of writing but since I may need time to adjust back to my regular time zone I may not post for about 3 weeks (Just a heads up).

    Anyway, I'm NOT quitting so don't worry just taking a little break.

    I hope you all liked the chapter it was pretty rushed because I wanted to get this chapter out in time so sorry if it's a bit sloppy. You wouldn't believe the amount of stuff I cut from this chapter I have like 3 pages worth of it!

Chapter 23: Batman lives with Bruce Wayne?!
Summary:

    Tim freaks out and gets help from a friend to bring back Batman

Notes:

    HI! I'm back! I know it's been awhile so sorry!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Well this is quite the predicament.” 

 

Tim let out a choked sob.

 

This was all his fault.

 

He had not only let Bruce down but now had placed Jason in danger.

 

Alfred placed a hand on his head, rubbing it slightly, “Now now, this isn't the time to cry.”

 

Tim sniffed in disagreement. 

 

What else was he supposed to do? 

 

He was a failure.

 

“In order to bring them both back we must remain strong.” Alfred advised. 

 

Alfred was the one who made the first step towards the Batcomputer beginning to press some of the buttons. 

 

“Master Timothy, do you happen to remember what buttons Bruce told you to press to reset the computer?” Alfred asked, “I'm afraid that with old age my memory of certain things is starting to disappear.” Alfred explained, smiling apologetically.

 

The buttons? 

 

Of course he remembered. 

 

The first thing he did when the signal disappeared was reset the computer, which was what Bruce said to do in case of an issue. When that didn't work he tried to close and restart certain programs. 

 

Nothing he did with the Batcomputer (that Bruce told him to do) worked. So he had eventually decided to go try to get Bruce for help however he couldn't find him anywhere.

 

Tim shook his head and lowered it in shame.

 

Batman and Jason could be dying right now and it's all his fault.

 

Alfred pat his shoulder, “There there, I'm sure we'll figure something out.” Alfred sighed and picked up one of the gadgets next to the computer. “If only someone good with technology was here.”

 

If only…

 

While Tim liked to think he was pretty good with cameras, he wasn't very good with other items. In fact this was only his second time ever seeing a computer.

 

Tim looked down at his camera cradling it in his hands. 

 

Maybe he shouldn't have focused on cameras so much. It wasn't like they were very helpful to others, especially not now.

 

He wasn't even that good, others were certainly better.

 

Suddenly Tim's head shot up.

 

Better!

 

That was it! 

 

He reached out for his notebook and quickly scribbled something onto the paper.

 

Alfred looked over his shoulder and gave a faint nod, “I think that's a fine idea Master Timothy.”

 

 

“What do you need help fixing Timmy?” The red haired girl skipped beside him as they made their way through the long hallway.

 

He knew that the reason Barbara (at least that's what he heard her name was) was good at cameras was because she helped her Dad with investigating. So, if she had gotten good with cameras because of that, why not computers?

 

 Computers were certainly more common than cameras. 

 

Tim led her over to the entrance in the study, Alfred had left it open so that he didn't need to type in the code so it just looked like a gaping hole in the wall to an unsuspecting person. If you looked closer though, you could see a staircase leading down.

 

As Tim began down the stairs Barbara hung back.

 

“You're not trying to kidnap me are you?” Barbara questioned.

 

Tim frantically shook his head and motioned for her to follow him. 

 

He couldn't exactly explain what was going on yet because he left his notebook back in the cave so she would just have to wait. He just didn't really know how to communicate.

 

Thankfully Barbara started to follow him but she still seemed a bit hesitant staying a few steps behind him at all times.

 

“Tim, I just want to remind you that, since I'm the police commissioner’s daughter, I can get you sent to jail for years SO DON'T YOU DARE TRY ANYTHING!” She placed her hands on her hips and Tim nodded.

 

He knew the risk of bringing Barbara down here but I'd she could fix the computer it was worth a shot.

 

Thankfully Barbara's rage disappeared as she spotted something behind him.

 

“Oh my god, is that a Dinosaur?!” 

 

As she raced down the rest of the stairs to go look at the dinosaur, Tim took this as a chance to go grab his notebook.

 

“What is this place?” She asked in awe, still looking up at the dinosaur.

 

He tapped her shoulder and held up his notebook. 

 

‘Batcave’ 

 

Barbara froze.

 

 “Huh? Like Batcave- Batcave?” 

 

Tim nodded even though he didn't really know what she met.

 

“Like THE Batcave, Batman's secret base Batcave?!”

 

Tim nodded again

 

“Like the Batcave where Batman stores all his gadgets and cars?!” 

 

Tim nodded once again, his neck was getting tired.

 

Why was she asking so many questions anyway? 

 

Was there more than one Batcave? 

 

Barbara's smile was bigger than any smile he had seen before. She practically glowed.

 

“Oh wow! I’ve always wanted to go here.” She gushed, "Who would've thought this whole base was under Bruce Wayne's house!” She looked up in complete awe.

 

Tim looked up trying to figure out what she found so interesting about the ceiling.

 

Then something dawned on her and she snapped her fingers, “Of course! Why didn't I see it before?” She began to pace back and forth, processing her thoughts, “There's no way Batman could be able to afford all his gadgets himself, and with Brucie's playboy attitude if totally makes sense! Brucie is Batman's sugar daddy!”

 

Huh? 

 

Sugar dad? 

 

Bruce was Batman's father?

 

Bruce did have a similar body type to Batman…

 

Barbara might be onto something! 

 

“Wait,” Barbara interpreted his thoughts, “You said that you needed help before you took me down to the Batcave. D- does that mean Batman wants me to help him?!” 

 

Somehow Barbara seemed to get even more excited with every passing second.

 

 “Oh my gosh!! Does he need a sidekick?! I know I'm not the best at fighting but with a little training I'm sure I can pick it up, I'm a really fast learner! Ya know I even thought of a name for myself just in case this ever happened, Batgirl! What do you think??” Barbara looked down at him, hope shining in her eyes.

 

Tim paused trying to process all of what she just said. 

 

“I mean it only makes sense to be called Batgirl because of the whole Bat theme. Except, I don't wanna dress in all black, that’s my only request. Sometimes you just need some contrast.” Barbara explained. 

 

‘Batman dusint ned a sidkik’ 

 

This time he raised his notebook a bit defensively, shoving it right in front of her face.

 

“He still could use one! You know, just in case.” Barbara reasoned.

 

Tim still shook his head. 

 

Batman had said that he didn't want a sidekick and if he didn't want one then she shouldn't get Barbara's hopes up.

 

“Well! I'll just ask him myself then!” Barbara huffed. 

 

“Master Timothy, I do believe Miss Barbara was brought here for a reason, perhaps we should get back on task.” 

 

Both of them jumped from the sudden appearance of the voice behind them. 

 

“Alfred you're in on this thing too?” Barbara exclaimed.

 

“Well I do believe that's it's pretty hard to hide this whole ‘thing’ from the person who cleans every book and cranny of this house.” Alfred crossed his arms. “Now, Master Timothy, are you going to explain the issue or do I have to?” 

 

Tim shook his head, he could do it.

 

Even though he trusted Alfred, he was a bit scary sometimes.

 

Tim pointed over to the Batcomputer across the room and then to his notebook which had ‘Help’ written.

 

“Oh woah!” Barbara bubbled, “Is that the-” 

 

Alfred coughed and Tim deadpanned.

 

She grimaced, “Oh ya sorry, I’ll try to fix it.”

 

 



Bruce squinted, his eyes still adjusting to the bright room.

 

Did they make it?

 

Bruce looked behind him, the portal seemed to have closed as fast as it opened.

 

Which was good because he wasn't really in the state to fight back another talon.

 

A voice yelled and he could tell it was words but he didn't understand what they said.

 

That's when he realized something grabbed onto his leg. He looked down and saw another small blob. 

 

It didn't feel like a talon and seemed gentle so far, so he resisted the urge to kick it away.

 

It was different with the red blob though, it didn't seem inherently dangerous but something in his mind screamed “ danger! Not supposed to be here!” at it. Making him defensively curl around Jason and the talon.

 

That's when he realized another blob was in the room. This blob was taller than the rest and placed a hand on his shoulder. 

 

The blob spoke and he understood, he let the figure take Jason and the talon from his arms.

 

He was tired.
Notes:

    Hey everyone! I'm so sorry it's been awhile, I know. I was supposed to post this last week but got carried up in testing then I was supposed to post this earlier but caught up in a training. But I'm back now! I'll try not to take such longs breaks if I can help it.

    One thing I want to clarify tho is the whole "sugar daddy" thing. I just want to make it clear that Barbara DOESN'T ACUTALLY know what a sugar daddy is. She had just heard about her Dad talking about it during a case and when she asked him about it he responded with something like "Uhm well, a sugar daddy is a guy who's usually rich, who gives money to someone for something in exchange, like uh…dating”

Chapter 24: Communication
Summary:

    Communication between two people

Notes:

    I'm sorry I just feel dead tired right now as you can see with my boring title

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Well you take your sweet time don'tcha?”

 

Jason opened his eyes, bright light pouring into them.

 

Jason moaned, closing his eyes again. 

 

It was too early for this

 

“Hey! You can't fall back asleep, do you know how much energy this took?!” The voice whined and he felt something shake him back and forth.

 

“Stop ittt,” Jason drawled waving his arm up to stop them.

 

The voice sounded familiar…was it something important? 

 

He could feel his body sink further into the floor fighting against him as he began to force himself to wake up 

 

“Come on! We don't have much time!” 

 

 Jason yawned and finally brought himself to open his eyes and look at the owner of the voice.

 

He was half expecting to see Barbara or Bruce- heck even the new kid. 

 

Instead he saw a new kid and it wasn't the new one Bruce brought back.

 

It was a kid he had never seen before, a kid covered in blood.

 

As soon as he got over the awe of seeing a blood covered kid, it suddenly processed that he had no idea where he was.

 

It looked like he was in an all white room with no furniture or doors. It was just empty.

 

How did he get here?

 

Did the kid bring him all the way here?

 

“Don’t worry it's not that far, you'll be back home after this anyways.” The kid smiled, completely unbothered by the fact they could have been kidnapped.

 

Huh? 

 

Did he say that out loud? 

 

He didn't remember saying it out loud.

 

“Cuz you didn't, I can just read your mind.”

 

“What?!” Jason spoke, panic rising in his voice. 

 

The thought of the kid, who could've possibly kidnapped him, being a mind reading meta did not sit right with him.

 

In fact this whole situation didn't sit right with him. He just wanted to get out of here, except now he knows he can't come up with a plan without the kid figuring it out.

 

He could try to fight his way out, the kid looked pretty weak. 

 

The kid raised his hands in surrender, “Hold on! I don't want to fight, and for the record I don't really understand my powers either, so even if I wanted to use it against you I wouldn't know how,” He reasoned, “I just woke up with them one day. Like in those superhero comic books ya know? Hm, maybe I could become a superhero!” As the kid started to ramble on, Jason took this as a chance to think.

 

Looking around Jason couldn't see anyone but the kid. So, it must've been him who kidnapped him. 

 

But why? 

 

He insisted that he didn't want to harm him but then why was he here? 

 

Ransom? 

 

Suddenly the kid's attention flashed back to him, “Sorry,” he quipped, “I get sidetracked easily, Mom says I need to get better at shutting my mouth. You know what, how about you just ask me what you want to know, then we can go faster," he said, nodding to himself.

 

Ask anything? 

 

“Who are you?” Jason grimaced immediately as the words left his mouth. 

 

Really Jason? 

 

There's way more important things to ask

 

“I'm Jason!” The kid chirped. “And no, it's not a stupid thing to ask, names are pretty important ya know?”

 

Jason shrunk back shy-ly, he had forgotten the kid could read minds. But it was a bit of a surprise for the kid's name to be Jason. 

 

Of course he knew other kids were named Jason, it wasn't like he was the only one, it was just something about the kid that just wasn't right. And no it wasn't just the gallon of blood that he was wearing.

 

But his looks definitely were part of the reason. The pale-ish skin, blue eyes, black hair, in fact, the kid looked a bit like himself.

 

A clone maybe?

 

Is that why he kidnapped him? To get rid of him and become the only Jason? 

 

“Oh gosh that's dark! I wouldn't do that to my brother.” 

 

Huh?

 

“Brother?” Jason questioned.

 

“Other Jason” immediately flinched, “Sorry I-” The kid bit his lip, “I just figured-” 

 

The kid stuttered trying to find an excuse, it made him feel a bit bad for him.

 

No wait , why did he feel bad?

 

This kid had kidnapped him and could've drugged him for all he knew! 

 

And the kid was a meta so who knows what else he could've done!

 

Kid…

 

Jason pinched the bridge of his nose. 

 

God, he was gonna be the death of himself. 

 

“Look kid, it's okay ya called me brother ya didn't mean it, yata yata. It's no big deal, just tell me why I'm here,” 

 

“I did- Sorry- I can't believe I didn't even get to that part yet! You're probably so confused!” “Other Jason” fussed, “Okay so I've been actually wanting to talk to you for awhile now, but I just haven't had the energy and- has anyone ever told you, you need more sleep? Like god Jason, you wake up a lot! I get that you wanna make sure you're safe ‘n stuff but like can't you just give it a rest every once and awhile? I was only able to do it now because youve been knocked unconscious.” “Other Jason” complained. 

 

Jason could feel himself turning red; he didn't know anyone knew he did that. 

 

Hold on

 

“How do you know that?” Jason squinted his eyes in suspicion.

 

Did they have a stalker? 

 

“Well, another one of my powers is being invisible.” The kid shrugged as if it was no big deal.

 

Again panic started to fill Jason's head this time though, the kid interrupted before any real thoughts could form.

 

“I know what you're thinking! But trust him I'm not using my powers for bad. I'm only staying here to protect Tim.” 

 

“ Protect Tim? ” 

 

“Ya! He's my friend after all!” The kid beamed.

 

“Then prove it.” Jason crossed his arms. 

 

Being a nice kidnapper was one thing but lying about being his brother's friend, who did this kid take him for? 

 

“Hm well,” “Other Jason” raised his hand up to his face only for the handless arm to never reach his face. 

 

Both Jason and the “Other Jason” stared at the arm in silence.

 

It was the “Other Jason” who broke the silence waving his nub of an arm around, “Well that's new,” 

 

“Well no sh*t,” Jason spoke, alarm ringing in his voice as more of his arm started to disappear.

 

Suddenly the kid's face lit up and then fell into a sheepish smile, “Sorry, I really should've paid attention to the time. If you want to know more about me just ask Tim, he’ll know, we lived together!” 

 

Before Jason had a chance to ask what he was talking about the kid swung his arm around him pulling him into a hug.

 

“I'll see you later Jason,” He smiled, tilting his head up to look at him before he disappeared and the white room collapsed bringing him back to a familiar room.
Notes:

    Hey sorry if this seems a bit rushed, that's because it is. The conversation was going to be longer but I just didn't have time sorryyy I did try to best to get it out on time tho!

Chapter 25: Learning is hard but communicating if even harder
Summary:

    Tim comes face to face with Talon

Notes:

    Hi guys! It's pretty soon but we got a bit of a Talon POV :DDD

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

There was a slight creaking sound making Tim look up towards the stairs.

 

‘Hi’ He waved. 

 

“Hello Tim,” Bruce greeted.

 

Tim took a breath, now was as good of a time as ever. 

 

‘B E T T E R ?” He signed. 

 

Bruce paused his journey down the steps.

 

Tim cringed; he really hoped he did it right. 

 

Thankfully Bruce’s face quickly burst out in a smile, “Yes I am feeling better!” 

 

Tim smiled back. 

 

Tim had been trying to learn sign language for the past few days. He figured that it would make Bruce and Batman very happy and since they had already helped him so much he wanted to give them something in return

 

“Tim, I'm so proud of you, learning a new language is pretty hard.” Bruce placed a hand on his head and ruffled his head.

 

It wasn't really…

 

Tim pulled away from the contact.

 

Bruce humed and slowly lifted his hand off of his head.

 

“How about I ask Alfred to make something special today to celebrate?” Bruce offered. 

 

It wasn't really a question, even if he said no Bruce would do it anyway. 

 

Even before Tim had time to respond Bruce had already left in the direction of the kitchen.

 

What should he do now? 

 

He didn't really want to do more of the workbook. 

 

If only Jason was here

 

Tim paused. He hadn't checked on Jason in awhile so maybe he was awake. 

 

Tim slid off of the couch starting in the direction of the cave.

 

Jason had been asleep since he got back Alfred said he was just resting but, do people really rest for two whole days? 

 

Tim sighed and his eyes caught sight of the crystal clean white door, the door belonged to the new kid. 

 

Tim paused looking up at the door.

 

He hadn't seen or heard from the new kid since he had gotten here. 

 

To be honest, he was pretty glad. The kid made him feel super uneasy. 

 

For one the kid looked pretty tall, even crumpled up in Bruce's arms. While he was already used to being the shortest one around there was something different about it when the taller person was dressed as a bird like creature and was carrying weapons all over his body.

 

Still, Tim felt a bit bad about avoiding him. He remembered what he felt like when he first got here, if it hadn't been for Jason who reached out to him first he probably just would've stay alone. 

 

Maybe he could be this kid's Jason

 

Tim shivered thinking of the yellow goggles staring back at him. 

 

…maybe not

 

Tim looked over to the direction of the cave and then back at the door. 

 

Maybe he could just welcome the kid and then leave. 

 

Yeah that could work

 

Tim took a deep breath and turned the doorknob peering inside.

 

The room looked completely undisturbed, just the same as when Alfred had put it together. Not even the blue blanket tightly tucked into the bed was creased.

 

That was… concerning 

 

He almost thought he stepped into the wrong room until he spotted a basket of stuffed animals he had helped pick out.

 

Tim cautiously took a step inside. 

 

He was pretty sure that if the kid had left his room he would've heard it as his room was just down the hall and the manor echoed horribly. So he had to still be in the room.

 

Tim looked up towards the vent.

 

At least he hoped so.

 

He didn't really want to bother Bruce who was already in a good mood. But he also didn't really want to stay here for long as it made him uneasy.

 

Tim squinted up at the vent. It didn't really look open but the kid could've covered his tracks and rescrewed it. 

 

It won't hurt to check if it was loose…

 

That was the least he could do.

 

As Tim tried to pull himself up onto the bed frame he slipped and tumbled back onto the floor. 

 

A chirp sounded from the wardrobe.

 

Tim blinked.

 

Did he hear that right? 

 

It almost sounded like a bird? 

 

Tim carefully made his way over to the wardrobe when the chirp sounded again. 

 

Did a bird get stuck inside? 

 

Tim didn't know how that could've happened but he could just leave it in there. 

 

Tim opened the wardrobe and suddenly found that no- it was not a bird it was the kid.

 

He had somehow shoved his lanky body into the corner of the wardrobe. His discolored skin and black veins were now more visible with the pajamas Alfred had changed him into.

 

Tim took a step back. 

 

He chirped and shifted his position to the side staring expectantly at him. 

 

Tim fidgeted, he knew he had wanted to say ‘hi’ to the new kid but now faced with the opportunity he wasn’t really sure. 

 

Suddenly the kid grabbed onto his shoulders, before he could even process what was happening he was being pulled and shut into the wardrobe. 

 

—

 

Baby Talon was nervous despite his chirps of reassurance; he looked as if he may run away any second. 

 

That was good. 

 

Baby Talon’s should not trust others unless it was Owl.

 

Other than that Baby Talon was not a good Talon.

 

But it was okay!

 

He could teach Baby Talon!

 

Talon heard footsteps. 

 

It was Grey. 

 

Talon was not sure what Grey was, he acted like Owl but listened to Big Owl. 

 

Oh!

 

Maybe Grey was such good Talon he got to be Owl! 

 

Such good! 

 

Grey is very good Talon.

 

That was why he could not let Grey see Baby Talon. 

 

Baby Talon was not good Talon yet. 

 

Baby Talon still fell.

 

Talons do not fall. 

 

Owls could not see Talons fall.

 

Talon would keep Baby Talon away for now. 
Notes:

    So hi guys I've been reading a couple Talon related fanfics and can I just say they made me so excited to write a Talon POV! Like they way Talons are written in these stories are so unique!! Like for one "The Adventures of Big Talon and Little Talon" is one of my favorites for this even though it's a crossover between a fandom that I'm not in, I still really liked it! (And I recommend it to).

    Anyways tho this chapter was honestly just an excuse to be able to experiment with the Talon POV.....(can you guess who originally was gonna be the first child?) (it was cut due to the time frame for him being able to adjust being a bit too long and I didn't feel comfortable adding characters while he still was adjusting)

Chapter 26: Surprise! It's Jason's not so favorite bird (at the moment)!
Summary:

    Jason just wants to live his life but for some reason something always has to interrupt

Notes:

    Welllll it's been awhile....IM SO SORRY GUYS I COULDN'T FIGURE OUT WHAT I WANTED FOR THIS CHAPTER AND WHEN I FINALLY FIGURED IT OUT IT WAS ALREADY FRIDAY!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Oh! Jason it's nice seeing you up,” Bruce greeted. 

 

“It would've been sooner if I actually had the choice,” Jason deadpanned and Bruce gave him a sorry look.

 

“It was just your safety Jason, you need to heal before you become active again.” 

 

Jason scoffed. 

 

He knew that, but that didn't stop him from being upset about it.

 

Tim peeked out from behind him, scanning the hallway.

 

Tim had been acting weird ever since he woke up. 

 

He had been by his side since he had woken up and hadn't even left his room for the past few days until now. It wasn't like Tim following people around was unheard, he had done it when he first got here after all. The weird part was the fact he randomly started doing it again.

 

Maybe he was thinking way too deep. That weird dream had left him on edge after all. 

 

The thick smell of bacon drifted towards him making Jason remember why he had left his room in the first place. 

 

“C'mon Timmy,” He dragged Tim along pulling him out of his trance of staring at the side of Bruce.

 

“Wait,” Bruce called after them, “don't you want to help me show the new kid around?”  

 

Jason waved him off, “I'm hungry Bruce, maybe later.”

 

While he was a bit interested in meeting the new kid, he was starving and the smell of bacon only made him hungrier. 

 

The new kid could wait, it wasn't like he was going anywhere anyways.

 

“Master Jason, you really didn't have to come all this way downstairs.” 

 

While Alfred didn't give away any emotion in his voice he could tell he was pitying him. “I'm not helpless Alfie.” Jason huffed. 

 

If there was one thing Jason hated more than anything, it was being babied. 

 

Alfred had made eggs, bacon, and pancakes. It tasted like heaven compared to the smoothies Alfred had been giving him for the past few days. Which was just another case of Alfred babying him. 

 

After Jason had finished he started in the direction of the back door. Jason hadn't been outside since he had gotten back and he had started to miss the feel of the sun on his skin.

 

Even though there wasn't a lot he could really do Jason figured that it was worth it.

 

Just as Jason reached towards the door gray filled his vision and he found himself being pushed to the floor.

 

Stunned, Jason looked up into the pale blue eyes of the attacker.

 

 

 

Talon didn't exactly know what was happening. 

 

Owl had brought Talon out of the dark room and had walked around for awhile before telling Talon to “Wait here”

 

Talon was a good Talon so Talon waited.

 

Talon spotted Loud Talon and Baby Talon below, Red Talon was also with them.

 

Talon nodded in approval.

 

Groups were good.

 

Talons were better in groups

 

Then Loud Talon reached for the door to the outside.

 

No!

 

Bad Talon!

 

Very very bad Talon!

 

Talon looked around frantically.

 

No Owl.

 

Talon took a step towards the railing. 

 

Talon was a very bad Talon.  

 

Landing on Loud Talon, Talon began to chirp at him hoping that he'd realize what he was doing.

 

Loud Talon began to punch Talon. To try and calm Loud Talon down, Talon grabbed his wrists, holding them down. 

 

Talons didn't fight a lot but when it did happen one of the Talons would have to pin down the other and the pinned down Talon would eventually calm down. 

 

It usually happened between older and younger talons. 

 

Someone yelled, it was Owl's voice but he hadn't said an order.

 

Talon was then picked up by Owl, Talon, getting the hint and went limp in his arms. 

 

Loud Talon pushed himself back into the corner, an action familiar to Talon.

 

Was Loud Talon in trouble?

 

Talon knew that he was already in trouble but Talon hoped that Owl hadn't been there long enough to see what Loud Talon had done.

 

Gray began to yell.

 

When did Gray get here? 

 

Owl began staying stuff back, his voice wasn't exactly as loud but it still was loud.

 

Talon couldn't understand what they were saying, it was too loud and they kept interrupting each other.

 

Talon shrunk back. 

 

This was Talon’s fault.

 

Talon should have just followed orders.

 

Things were always better when Talon followed orders.

 

That was what Talons did after all.

 

That was all Talons did.



Notes:

    Okay so let me explain what happened, all last week I was trying to write this chapter but everything I wrote just didn't seem right. When I finally did come up with an idea it was already Friday, I tried my best but I wasn't able to finish it. I figured you guys wouldn't want to read like a 3 paragraph chapter so I decided to just work on it this week and post it on Friday.

    Because I feel bad I'll try to explain the other concepts I had for this chapter,

    1 Jason would meet Talon at breakfast and Jason would be weirded out by Dick's name saying going like "“You can't be serious.” Jason deadpanned. “Look, I know how weird it sounds, but that's what he goes by!”"

    2 Basically Talon's POV of the whole situation in 1 expect it'd show more of Talon being confused and misunderstanding things

    3 Jason actually noticing Talon in the hallway and getting upset with Bruce for possibly putting Tim and Alfred's lives at risk

    4 Basically what I wrote but without Talon's POV showing Jason being distressed and the argument between Alfred and Bruce

    5 Basically what I wrote expect Talon grabs Tim instead of Jason

    So just before I end this I just wanna say the 5th concept was one of the events on my timeline even if it didn't happen in this chapter it was going to happen in a later chapter. It was only yesterday that it occurred to me that if Talon "attacked" Tim then Jason would become so suspicious and untrusting of Talon and it would take a long time to resolve (not that this won't take awhile to resolve either). While I could've stuck with it I just decided that it'd be best for the story and characters if I just ditched that story

    This was long I'm sorry I hope you liked this chapter <3

Chapter 27: Food changes lives
Summary:

    Jason tries to get answers only to get more questions

Notes:

    Pft- this chapter title is so stupid but blame that on my fatigued brain

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Why did you do that?” 

 

Dick blinked.

 

It was a pathetic name for a kid but it suited him with how he had been acting so far. 

 

“Why did you attack me?” Jason snapped.

 

He wasn't here to wait around for a pathetic excuse so it better be good.

 

 No matter how hard Jason had thought about what had happened nothing made sense.

 

He was going to go outside; he wasn't even close to Dick so it wasn't like he could've provoked him.

 

He could've seen him as a threat, Jason guessed. He had been asleep for a while so maybe he had been introduced to everyone else except him. 

 

But if that was true then he probably would be attacking him right now.

 

Unless he had somehow done a fully 180 in the short span of 1 day, but from Jason's experience you couldn't learn to trust something that fast.

 

“Hellooo?” 

 

Even though Dick was looking at him he couldn't help but feel like he wasn't hearing him.

 

“Look, I don't know what's go-”

 

Jason was suddenly cut off by being slammed into Dick's chest.

 

“What the f*ck ya do-” Jason tried to push away only to be pulled back, firm arms wrapping around his back.

 

It took a moment for Jason to stop his panicking and realize that Dick wasn't hurting him, he was hugging him. 

 

Jason stood there, stunned for a few seconds before Dick suddenly let go of him, letting him stumble backwards into a wall. 

 

“Why-?”

 

Out of the corner of his eye he spotted Bruce coming towards them, looking a bit surprised. “Oh, Jason, what are you doing here? Are you supposed to be in your room?” 

 

“Am I not allowed to walk around in my own home?” Jason retorted. 

 

“Ah it's just-” He looked at Dick and then back at him, “Is everything alright Jason? Do you feel alright?” Bruce questioned, this time Jason got what he was implying and he scoffed.

 

“I'm fine.”

 

Jason knew why Bruce was worried and it made sense, Bruce just didn't want him getting hurt again. It seemed like a good reason, right?

 

The reason wasn't exactly the problem, it was Bruce's overprotective-ness. Bruce didn't always have to protect them and he needed to learn that. He could fend for himself if he wanted to, in fact he had done that for years so it only proved his point. 

 

Now, he just needed Bruce to understand that.

 

He caught a glimpse of Bruce picking Dick up as if preparing to leave. “Where are you going?” Jason asked.



Bruce hesitated, “Well I was going to bring Dick to the kitchen, so we could try giving him different foods.”

 

“Nice,” Jason replied drily, “I’ll come to.”

 

“Are you sure?” Bruce asked, his brows furrowing, “It'll be boring.”

 

Jason shrugged, “It's not like I have anything better to do.” 

 

This could help him learn more about Dick anyways. Since Dick never answered him he still needed to figure out why he attacked him.

 

“Oh hello Master Jason,” Alfred greeted, “I didn't know you'd be joining us,” Alfred gave Bruce a look. 

 

Gez, why did adults have to worry so much?

 

“So what'd ya make?” Jason shifted to the side to see behind Alfred. 

 

A glorious table of all different types of food awaited them. 

 

“Now, now, Master Jason,” Alfred held up his arm to block him, “This food is for the other young master so I have to ask you to not eat anything on the table for now.”

 

Jason pouted, “What if Dick doesn't want it?” 

 

Okay, so maybe there was more of a reason related to food that he came.

 

“Well hopefully he will want it all.” 

 

“That doesn't answer my question.” Jason crossed his arms.

 

“Dick? Do you want to sit down?” 

 

Jason looked over to see Bruce slowly nudging Dick over to the chair.

 

Jason had to admit that it was weird hearing “dick” in such a gentle tone.

 

Dick didn't answer just staring up at Bruce, unblinking.

 

Huh, so he just acted that way with everyone?

 

“Dick,” Bruce placed a hand on Dick's shoulder, “We need you to eat, alright?” There was something pleading in his tone, as if they had done this before.

 

It didn't make the kid react any way though, he continued to stare blankly up at Bruce.

 

Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose, “Dick,”

 

Jason frowned, “Why isn't Dick eating?”

 

“If I knew Master Jason it would make my life so much easier.” 

 

“ Wait, has he eaten at all since he's gotten here?!” Jason looked up at Alfie, startled.

 

“I'm afraid not.”

 

“But yur food's the best Alfie!” Jason exclaimed.

 

Alfred gave him a small smile, “I'm glad you think so.” 

 

Did Dick think it was poisoned? 

 

He thought that when he had first arrived. 

 

Of course his need for food overwhelmed him and he ate but maybe Dick had more patience than him.

 

What if he…

 

Jason made his way over to Bruce and Dick.

 

“Hey Dick!” Jason called out, when both of them saw him he picked up a piece of one of the breads and ate it.

 

“Jason-!” Bruce exclaimed, Jason pointed over to Dick and Bruce got the hint, “uh- Good job!”

 

Dick froze staring wide eyed at him as he finished off the bread. 

 

“You see Dick,” Bruce pat Dick's shoulder. Dick turned toward Bruce with the same wide eyed expression on his face. “The food is okay to eat.” 

 

Dick slowly nodded as if taking in what Bruce had just said.

 

Jason slowly came up to him and pushed a piece of bread into his hands. 

 

Dick looked down at it then looked up at Bruce.

 

“Go on,” Bruce encouraged.

 

Dick slowly brought it up to his face, and then slowly took a bite, still looking at Bruce.

 

There was something weird about the way Dick acted around Bruce, he could tell it wasn't the same as when it was just him and Dick. 

 

Jason couldn't exactly name what it was but he did know it wasn't normal.
Notes:

    I don't know what to write here, sorry it's late thanks for reading tho! ❤❤❤

Chapter 28: Tiny Discoveries
Summary:

    Our favorite tiny boy discoveries some stuff

Notes:

    Gahhh it's way too late to write this but I gotta do it

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Tim leaned back onto the couch, completely and utterly bored. 

 

Alfred had decided that it had been too long since Bruce went to work and had sent him away.

 

Usually that'd be fine except for the fact that Jason decided that he wanted to play with Dick today.

 

Tim on the other hand, did not have a death wish and wanted to stay as far away from him as possible. With him becoming more and more familiar with the house Tim no longer felt safe in his room. Especially with it being so close to Dick's room.

 

As Tim tried to distract himself with his workbook Tim found his eyes drifting up towards the open file on the Batcomputer.

 

Bruce must've forgotten to close it 

 

Tim knew you shouldn't go digging around in other people's stuff. 

 

In fact he could practically hear his Mother's lecture about being nosy. 

 

But, it wasn't being nosy if he just so happened to catch a glimpse of what was on the file before closing it, right? 

 

Surely it wouldn't put Bruce in trouble if he just read a little bit, he was doing him a favor anyways. 

 

In this “glimpse" his eyes caught the words “Names” and he was a bit surprised to see Dick’s name there.

 

Was this his document? 

 

He had heard that Bruce kept documents of all of them but he hadn't actually seen any of them.

 

There were a couple other name's next to Dick's, “Richard, Talon, Gray Son” 

 

Were those all his name's? 

 

They were a bit odd of names, but it wasn't like his name wasn’t already weird. The only real name he's heard before is Richard. 

 

Maybe that was his real name and they were all nicknames? 

 

He hadn't heard the new kid speak the whole time he's been here so maybe Bruce just liked his nickname better. Still it felt wrong to call him a nickname that he hadn't had permission to call him. 

 

Nicknames were usually used for people close to you and him and the new kid most definitely weren't close. In fact the only reason he knew to call him Dick was because Jason had told him to. 

 

He decided that he'd just call him Richard instead, even the document referred to him as Richard so it was probably fine. 

 

Richard's story seemed surprisingly normal especially for someone who acted so strange. Well at least it was normal until he got to the 3rd page and revealed that his parents died and he was abducted. 

 

The document stopped calling him Richard and started calling him Talon 307. It spoke of experiments and Owls. 

 

Tim was horrified.

 

“Timmy!” Jason called, the noise of him jumping down each step echoing throughout the cave.

 

Tim quickly exited the tabs and turned around to face Jason who was rounding the corner.

 

“Do you wanna play a game with us?” Jason asked, grinning.

 

‘Us’ meant Richard would also be playing.

 

Tim shook his head.

 

He didn't know what he thought of Richard right about now but he did know that he didn't wanna be around him while he figured it out.

 

“Please Tim, we just need someone to be the judge.” Jason begged.

 

Judge? 

 

What exactly were they playing?

 

Mistaking his confusion for interest Jason grabbed his arm. 

 

“Come on I'll show ya,” 

 

 Jason dragged him into one of the living rooms, “Look,” he pointed up at the ceiling.

 

Right on top of the chandelier sat Richard, peering down at them.



“Isn't it so cool!” Jason exclaimed, “I didn't even know you could get up there until he showed me!” 

 

Richard chirped and Jason turned over to Tim. 

 

“We've been racing to see who gets up there first, but since we both are racing we can't really tell who wins.” Jason explains, “So that's where you come in.” 

 

Tim pointed down at Jason's foot. 

 

“My foot is fine Tim, it doesn't even hurt anymore.” Jason rolled his eyes.

 

Tim crossed his arms, that wasn't the point.

 

There was a thud as Richard landed next to them making Tim take a step back.

 

“Ready Tim?” Jason asked. 

 

Tim nodded.

 

Even though he hadn't agreed to it, it was easy enough.

 

“Readysetgo!” Jason yelled, running off. Richard, not being that far behind despite Jason's head start. 

 

There was something weirdly fluid about his movements.

 

The race was over as quick as it started with Richard being the winner. It wasn't by a lot but he still won. 

 

“Tim, you should come up here too.” Jason urged swing back and forth in the chandelier. “It's fun!” 

 

Tim shook his head. 

 

Him and Jason didn't have the same idea of what was fun. 

 

Richard chirped hanging upside down swing back and forth right towards-

 

Richard grabbed Tim’s arms, taking him with him as he swung.

 

Richard pulled him up just enough so when they swung he wouldn't touch the ground, a gesture that he would've appreciated more if he WASN'T swinging around in the air. 

 

Eventually Richard stopped and climbed back on the chandelier to bring him with him.

 

“That looked like so much fun!” Jason exclaimed, “Can you teach me to do that?” 

 

Before Richard could respond, if he was actually going to (which he probably wasn't),

 

Someone interpreted.



“Young Masters! What on earth are you doing?!”
Notes:

    Hope you liked it everyone honestly I'm exhausted so sorry for not saying much, if you have any questions or anything you wanna talk to me about just leave a comment and I'll come back to it in the morning.

    Oh yeah this was supposed to be longer but I really didn't feel like writing anything this late

Chapter 29: Give Timmy an ice cream he deserves a raise
Summary:

    Tim is signal handedly the only reason that Dick is going to become comfortable

Notes:

    Timmy is smart what can I say?

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“This isn't fair!” Jason complained, “Why can't I come?” 

 

“You just got your cast off Jason, your legs aren't strong enough to walk around for this long.” Bruce stated, looking down at his newspaper.

 

“This isn't fair!” Jason stamped his foot, flinching a little when he did so, “Aren't I supposed to be able to do more with my cast off?!” 

 

“Like I said Jason, your legs aren't strong enough.” Bruce repeated.

 

“They are too!” Jason insisted, “Tim! Tell him I can go!”  

 

Tim backed away obviously trying to stay out of it. 

 

“Tiny!!” Jason exclaimed.

 

Bruce sighed, putting his newspaper down. “Jason, the next outing we have you can come with us,”

 

“But-”

 

“An outing other than the galas.” Bruce clarified. 

 

“It isn't fair!” Jason huffed, crossing his arms.

 

Bruce sighed.

 

He knew this wasn't exactly fair to Jason especially since he was the most excited out of all the boys to go out. 

 

Since they were just going shopping Bruce had figured that Jason would be fine with not going since, but he was wrong.

 

“I'm sorry Jason,” Bruce apologized.

 

“Fine then.” Jason snapped, “Since yur so ‘termined to leave me behind just do it.” 

 

“Jason-”

 

“Just go.” 

 

Maybe it wasn't the best decision, no it definitely wasn't. However Bruce couldn't just backtrack into the house now, he had already made his choice. And he could put to waste all the effort Alfred had put into Dick's makeup.

 

 

Bruce held up a Wonder Woman hoodie. “Do you think Jason would like this?” 

 

Tim shrugged trailing behind him as he looked at the clothes.

 

Bruce had left Dick with a Tailor who would take Dicks measurements so that they could start getting Dick his own clothes.

 

“How about this?” Bruce lifted an obnoxiously neon green shirt, smiling, “It's so green it could scare Superman away.” 

 

Tim tilted his head to the side, ‘WHO?’

 

Bruce raised an eyebrow. 

 

Did he really not know who Superman was? 

 

“You know, the alien superhero who lives in Metropolis and has a bunch of powers.” 

 

Tim shook his head.

 

“Ha!” A voice rang out from behind them, “Kid’s a true Gotham born, doesn't even know whatta Superman is.” 

 

The voice belonged to a scruffy looking man who was at least in his 30’s. His red cap resting in his hands as he leaned over the clothing rack. 

 

“Sorry I didn't see you there Mr…?” 

 

“Bah, don't be so polite, name's Willis,” The man outstretched his hand towards Bruce.

 

That name…

 

It sounded familiar….

 

Bruce smiled, taking the hand, “B- Matches.” 

 

“Well nice ta meet ya Matches, hope ta see ya around.” Willis waved. 

 

“Leaving so soon?” Bruce asked, smiling.

 

“Family ya feed ya know?” Willis smirked. 

 

Bruce nodded, watching Willis walk outta the store. 

 

‘WATCH’ 

 

“I know,” Bruce frowned, rubbing his empty wrist, “But,” Bruce started, “He doesn't seem dangerous, and he probably needs it more than me anyway.” 

 

“Matches Malone, your child is ready to be picked up,” A voice echoed through the store. 

 

Bruce began to make his way over to the back, “That was pretty fast don't you think Tim?” 

 

Tim nodded.

 

“How about we do something fun as a reward for Dick.” 

 

‘D O W H A T’ 

 

Bruce humed, “There's an ice cream shop down the street, what do you think?”

 

Tim's eyes sparkled, looking up at him in awe.

 

Bruce laughed, “Ice cream it is then.”

 

 

“Here you go Tim,” Bruce passed the chocolate ice cream over to the early waiting hands. “And here's yours, Dick.” 

 

Dick carefully grabbed the vanilla ice cream.

 

You could never go wrong with vanilla right?

 

“Know how to eat it?” Bruce asked. “It's like this,” Bruce licked his own ice cream.

 

Dick looked up and mimicked what Bruce had done.

 

“Good job!” 

 

Before Bruce could continue licking his own ice cream, he felt a tug on his shirt.

 

Tim held up his notebook in one hand. 

 

The writing was a bit more shakey than normal probably because he was trying to not drop his ice cream. 

 

‘Why do you call him that?’ It read.

 

“Who?” 

 

‘New kid’ 

 

“Why do I call him Dick?” 

 

Tim nodded then wrote, ‘Not his name' 

 

Bruce frowned, “Well that's what he's referred to in the other universes.”

 

‘Does he know?’ 

 

“Know what?” 

 

‘That's his name.’ 

 

Bruce froze. 

 

Suddenly it all made sense. 

 

How could he have overlooked something so easy to see? 

 

Dick didn't understand he wasn't in the court anymore, of course he didn't understand why they were calling him Dick.

 

“Talon,” Bruce's voice rose.

 

Dick's head shot up to look him in the eyes. 

 

Bruce grimaced from the quick response only reminding him how stupid he had been.

 

“You will no longer be referred to as Talon, instead you will be called Dick, understand?” 

 

Dick nodded.

 

Bruce placed a hand on Dick's shoulder getting another idea, “You are allowed to speak, you no longer need permission.” 

 

“Yes Owl,” A cracky voice answered.

 

How long had it been since he last spoke? 

 

“I'm not an Owl, please just call me Bruce.” 

 

“Yes Bruce,” He responded.

 

“You're no longer in the Court of Owls, this is Gotham, you're safe here.”

 

Safe? 

 

Owl- Bruce was an Owl so he probably was allowed to change things.

 

But, safe? 

 

The Court was good

 

 The Court was home

 

But the Court was never safe

 
Notes:

    Y'all, Dick can finally speak WOOOO !! Major plot point in Dick's story finally reached !

    Tim honestly had to be the person who figured this out and it would've made A LOT more sense if I actually put it in his POV. The original plan was to put it in his POV but for a reason I cannot recall I just didn't.

    I think it was because Bruce hadn't had a chapter in a bit and so I wanted to give him a turn. I do remember planning on switching the POV to Tim but I wanted to show how Bruce would respond internally to this so I just stuck with Bruce.

    (I'm sorry if this chapter looks a bit weird I'm posting it from my phone, please tell me if anything is cut off though I had a bit of a problem with that when copy and pasting it)

Chapter 30: We're all friends here
Summary:

    Surprise ambush from Barbara

Notes:

    Woah this chapter is LATEE but I tried my best to pull it together so I'd have enough time to work on the chapter for this week

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Tim!!” 

 

Tim looked up, the voice catching his attention.

 

“Tim!” Barbara called again, running across the street.

 

“Barbara! Be careful!” Another voice yelled before a kid around Tim's height threw their arms around him.

 

Tim flinched back trying to push them away. 

 

“I haven't seen you in so long! How have you been?” Barbara asked, squeezing him. 

 

Tim looked up at Bruce for help but instead he started to laugh. 

 

“Barbara, you can't just run across the street like that.” An out of breath, tall brown haired man lectured. 

 

Barbara let go of him, “But I looked both ways!” She argued. 

 

“Aw, let the kid get away with some stuff, she's still young.” Bruce grinned ruffling Barbara's hair.

 

The man let out a sigh, “Mr Wayne, I don't believe you get to tell me how to parent my child.”

 

“It was fine Jim, she looked both ways and no one got hurt,” Bruce waved his hand dismissing the concern. “Also, please call me Bruce, Jim.” 

 

“I'm fine thank you.” ‘Jim’ deadpanned.

 

“Where are you going?” Barbara asked, grabbing Tim's hand. 

 

Tim tried to gently pull away but failed.

 

“Well actually we were heading home, Jason's home alone so I have to get back soon.” Bruce smiled apologetically.

 

“Oh! Dad, can we walk with them? Please!” Barbara begged, “I haven't seen Tim in so long!”

 

Jim sighed, rubbing his forehead, “Well, I suppose, if it's alright with Mr Wayne, but we really have to get back to shopping-”

 

“Of course it's alright!” Bruce cut in, “And Jim, you better start using my real name.” 

 

Barbara smiled, jumping up, “C'mon!” Barbara started to pull him ahead, pasting the groups of people in front of them. 

 

“So?!” 

 

Tim raised an eyebrow, so?

 

“What’s Batman been doing recently?”

 

Tim blinked. ‘I dont really pay atention’ 

 

Barbara huffed, “Do you know what Batman's been doing?” 

 

She wasn't talking to him, he realized. 

 

Tim looked to the side and there was Richard, making absolutely no noise to alert anyone of his presence. 

 

It was a bit scary to think he could just do that all the time.

 

Dick tilted his head.

 

“Oh! I haven't even introduced myself, I'm Barbara.” Barbara extended her arm in front of Tim, towards Richard. 

 

Richard blinked looking down at her hand.  “Di-ck,”

 

“Dick?” Barbara hesitated. “Isn't that a bad word?” she added in a low whisper.

 

“Bad…word?” Richard echoed.

 

He knew that name sounded weird! 

 

“Mhm!” She nodded, “When I was shadowing my Dad- Do you know what Shadowing means?” 

 

Tim shook his head.

 

“It's when someone in training watches someone do their job so they know how to do it better. Oo! Do you think Batman will let me shadow him?!” Barbara looked back towards where their parents were, “Should I ask Bruce?” 

 

Tim grabbed onto Barbara's sleeve and shook his head. 

 

If Tim didn't keep her in check she may just end up revealing they had a connection to Batman.

 

Barbara made an o shape with her mouth, “Right! Later would probably be a better time. Bruce and Dad need to get along, especially if I'll be over at your house a lot being Batgirl.” 

 

Tim still doubted that but he didn't want to say anything yet.

 

Finally, everything was quiet, nothing but the casual passing car making noise.

 

“Uhm Tim…” 

 

Well nice while it lasted.

 

“Does Jason… hate me?”

 

Tim blinked.

 

‘No why?’ 

 

Barbara fidgeted a bit with her fingers, “Well, he's not really nice to me.”

 

‘Hes like that to evryone’ Tim shrugged.

 

“Are you sure? He doesn't seem that way with you.” 

 

Tim raised an eyebrow.

 

Jason didn't really like him when they first met, but he hadn't gone out of his way to be mean so it wasn't like he hated him. After awhile Jason started hanging around him more, he never really stopped with his rude remarks despite him warming up to Tim.

 

‘Just his personalite your his friend’

 

“Friend?” Barbara repeated.

 

Tim nodded.

 

Jason hadn't really said that, but they did seem to get along so it was possible that Jason considered her a friend. Even if it was just in his head.

 

“Barbara, it's time to go now.” A firm voice said from behind them.

 

“Oh! But we-” She started.

 

“We have reached their house,” Jim pointed to the manor a few blocks away from them but still visible. 

 

“That's not-” She whined but was once again cut off.

 

“We don't have enough time to go all the way to their house and back and be back in time for dinner.” Jim explained, but it didn't stop Barbara from pouting.

 

“Fine. Bye Tim! Bye uh… other kid!” Barbara waved, grabbing her Dad's hand.

 

Tim shy-ly waved back.



“You're back!” Jason exclaimed, popping up from the couch, “I thought I was gonna die of boredom!” 

 

Richard marched up to Jason and grabbed his face, looking him over. 

 

Before Bruce could take a step forward and intervene, Richard let go. 

 

“No injuries,” Richard commented.

 

It was quiet for a moment. 

 

“Holy sh*t! He can talk!” 
Notes:

    SORRY IT'S LATE I'm not the best at managing time and I'm trying to work on that, part of the reason this was so late though was because I completely redid this chapter and then I redid it again...ya I've been having a motivation/inspiration problem recently if ya'll have any tips I'll gladly take it

    I think the main issue is just I'm trying to figure out how to make the story progress from here, of course I have ideas for like critical chapters but there has to be some leading up to it or this fic problem would've been like 10 chapters long with the most time skips you've ever seen before.

    I know all of this was kinda unnecessary to mention but I just wanna openly communicate with yall in case another chapter is late like this

Chapter 31: Bonding with the boys
Summary:

    The boys play a game and Dick learns a new word

Notes:

    HEYYY GUESS WHAT

    ITS NOT LATE YEAHHHH

    WOOO TAKE THAT PROCRASTINATION

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Jason blindly tried to push off the extra weight on top of him.

 

There was a tug on his arm, “What?” He groaned, wanting to get back to his peaceful sleep.

 

“ Huh? What did you say?” Jason asked, he knew someone was saying something he just didn't understand what they said.

 

The voice became more clear as it spoke, “Go,” it said.

 

“Go?” Jason questioned, rubbing his eyes. 

 

Maybe it was something important if they had to go

 

Jason squinted up, finally opening his eyes.

 

It was all gray.

 

That wasn't right

 

Jason squinted again, blinking this time.

 

Slowly a face came into view. 

 

Jason scrambled back, pushing himself against the backboard of his bed. 

 

“What the f*ck?! Did no one teach ya personal space?!” Jason exclaimed.

 

Dick blinked at him, sitting where Jason had been laying. 

 

“How long have you been here?” Jason asked, turning to get off the bed right before his leg hit something, “Tiny?? What are ya doing here-? No scratch that, why are ya both here in my room?! Watching me sleep??” 

 

Tiny frantically shook his head, ‘No’ he signed before his hands started to move all over quickly doing different signs. 

 

“Finger spelling,” 

 

Jason didn't have time to try and play ‘guess the meaning of the weird movement of my hands I just did’. 

 

‘N O T W A T C H I N G Y O U’ 

 

“How comforting coming from the people in my room while I was sleeping for who knows how long.” Jason rolled his eyes. 

 

Tiny nodded, not understanding his sarcasm. 

 

Jason sighed, “Why are you guys here anyway?”

 

‘O U T S I D E’

 

“Can't you go by yourself?” Jason yawned.

 

Tiny shook his head, ‘G A M E’ 

 

“Ya know you can play a game with two people,” Jason motioned between the two of them.

 

Tim shook his head, pointing to Dick. 

 

“ Oh, alright, fine.” Jason sighed.

 

Since Tim couldn't talk and Dick didn't know sign, whenever they were together they had to have at least one person translating. 

 

Tim and Dick went downstairs to give him privacy. 

 

But it wasn't really like he needed it because he just threw on a jacket over his pajamas. 

 

It looked like regular clothes anyway

 

“So what do you wanna play?” Jason asked, stretching his arms. 

 

‘H I D E A N D S E E K’

 

Jason grinned, suddenly really awake, “Of course you pick the best game! So who wants to be it?” 

 

Tim pointed to himself and Jason's eyes widened a bit in surprise.

 

“Sure you can do it?” Jason asked.

 

Tiny gave him a determined nod. 

 

Well if the kid wanted to, who was he to not let him? 

 

“Alright then! You start counting,” Jason grabbed Dick's hand and started leading him over to the forestry area. 

 

Jason hummed looking around the trees for a good spot.

 

As much as he wanted to climb a tree, he didn't want a repeat of what happened last time.

 

“Dick, do you see any good hiding spots?” Jason asked as they continued through the forest.

 

“Why hide?” Dick questioned.

 

“Oh right,” Jason said, mentally slapping himself because he forgot that Dick hadn't played hide and seek before, “Well basically, it's a game where someone is it and the person who's it has to find the others and the others have to hide from them so that they win the game, get it?” 

 

Dick blinked in response.

 

Jason sighed.

 

Kid's really gotta expand his vocab.

 

“Ooo!” Jason paused and pulled Dick into a bush, “This could be a good spot.” 



Dick didn't really understand why Loud Talon was so happy to be in a bush. 

 

If they really were hiding then this was nowhere near a good spot. 

 

The leaves weren't close enough to hide them in dark clothing and the bush wasn't big enough to hide both of them.

 

Even though Dick tried his best to get smaller. 

 

What were they hiding from anyway?

 

Dick didn't hear anything coming after them. 

 

Well, there were those tiny footsteps but that was Baby Talon and Baby Talon couldn't hurt anyone.  

 

That reminded Dick of something.

 

“Why Talon no talk?”

 

“Talon?” Loud Talon gave him a confused look. 

 

Dick nodded, “Talon.” 

 

“Who is Talon?” Loud Talon asked, still looking confused.

 

Was he confused which Talon, Dick was talking about? 

 

It was possible that Loud Takon called him something different.

 

“Baby Talon,” Dick motioned to around Baby Talon's height.

 

Loud Talon's eyebrows pinched together, still looking confused.

 

Baby Talon then pushed into the bush, startling Loud Talon.

 

Baby Talon smiled while Loud Talon let out an “ugh” sound. 

 

“No fair….Dick…!” Loud Talon whined but Dick didn't really catch all the words. 

 

Dick stood by watching Loud Talon speak and Baby Talon somehow answer.

 

Then Dick felt something fall on his head.

 

Then shoulder.

 

Then hand.

 

It wasn't heavy or anything but heavy enough so you could still feel it.

 

Dick looked up.

 

It couldn't be from the trees because something was making a noise from hitting the top of the trees. 

 

Loud Talon paused his talking and said a word he didn't recognize.

 

Was that what was happening? 

 

“R…ra..in.” Dick repeated. 

 

Dick pointed up to the sky, looking back at the Talons. “R...ain?”

 

“Yeah it's raining,” Loud Talon grabbed Dick's hand and said something to Baby Talon, tensing. 

 

Even though Dick usually tried to listen, he decided to continue looking back up at the rain.

 

Dick lifted up his hand letting the rain fall into it. 

 

The little rains stopped moving once they touched his hand. 

 

Dick shook Loud Talon's hand away and grabbed Baby Talon's wrist, bringing it out towards the rain. 

 

“Rain.”

 

At first Baby Talon seemed startled but then began to stare at his hand as little rains also began to fall onto his hand.

 

For some reason Loud Talon started to yell again, startling Baby Talon away from looking at the rain. 

 

The next thing Dick knew Loud Talon had grabbed his and Baby Talon's arm and was pulling them back towards the manor.

 

Loud Talon was pretty fast.

 

Dick waved his hand towards the rain mimicking what he had seen a child do. “Bye rain,” Dick said softly as he was pulled inside.
Notes:

    The boys deserve this finally a peaceful moment with them all playing somewhat ruined by Gotham weather but that's fine because Dick learned what rain was yayyyy

    Anyways guys I just wanna say thank you all for reading this we're almost at 400 kudos and we've gone PAST 14k reads and I never even thought I could ever get that much, thank you all so much it means a lot to me ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 32: Two little birdies and their red head friend
Summary:

    Barbara comes over and causes her usual havoc but this time it just leaves Bruce confused

Notes:

    Man I really gotta stop posting these chapters while I'm dead tired

    You guys don't understand the pain of trying to come up with a fun chapter name in the middle of the nice SOBB

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“HIII!” Barbara yelled announcing her arrival to the whole house.

 

“Hello Barbara, Gordon,” Alfred nodded, greeting both of them. 

 

“Alfred,” Gordon looked a bit hesitant, “I have to go out of town today for work and I was wondering if Barbara could stay here.” 

 

Alfred lifted his hand to his chin thoughtfully, “We have nothing currently going on, so I don't see why not.” 

 

“Thank you so much Alfred, this trip was very last minute or else I'd be more prepared.” Gordon handed over a bag, “If she needs anything, it'll be in the bag.

 

Alfred nodded.

 

Gordon leaned down bringing Barbara into his arms.

 

 “I'm sorry I can't take you with me,” Gordon apologized. 

 

“It's alright Daddy I get to hang out with my friends now!” Barbara smiled, brushing off her Dad's concerns. 

 

As Gordon left Barbara hopped inside leaving a watery trail with not just her feet but also her dripping hair and coat. 

 

“Barbara, would you mind waiting here as I get you a towel.” 

 

Barbara nodded and as Alfred left she hopped up onto one of the end tables by the front door. 

 

“Barbara?” Jason peered around the corner. 

 

“Hi Booky!” She waved.

 

Jason deadpanned, “Are you seriously still gonna call me that?” 

 

Barbara smiled, nodding to herself. 

 

“Ya know Alfred gonna kill you for sitting on his nice furniture.” Jason pointed out. 

 

“Wait…really? I jump on my furniture at home all the time?” 

 

“Different house, different rules.” Jason shrugged. 

 

“Do you think he'll kick me out??” Alarm was rising in her voice.

 

Jason shrugged.

 

“Jason! I have nowhere else to go after this!” 

 

Jason bit his lip, starting to feel a bit bad, “Um well just get off the table and maybe he won't notice?” 

 

Barbara carefully got off and both of them paused to look at the wet spot left where she had been sitting.

 

“Aw, I'm going to be in so much trouble,” Barbara groaned, covering her face with her hands. 

 

“It's okay,” Jason pat Barbara's shoulder. “I'll just…” Jason began to wipe the water away with his jacket. 

 

“Jason,” Barbara sniffed, throwing her arms around him, making him stumble backwards. 

 

“Well, it's nice to see you two getting along,” Alfred said. 

 

Both of them turned nervously to Alfred. 

 

Thankfully Alfred didn't even spare the end table a second glance and handed the towel to Barbara.

 

After Barbara was dry they both shot upstairs. 

 

Alfred sighed looking over to the end table. 



“Do you think he'll notice?” Barbara whispered. 

 

“No, if he did he would've mentioned it already.” Jason whispered back. 

 

Tim was already in Jason's room as they entered. Jason joined Timmy on the bed looking over to see what book he was reading.

 

“Where's the other kid?” Barbara asked, looking around the room. 

 

“Dick?” Jason didn't know Barbara met Dick.

 

“Yeah, the weird one.”

 

Jason shrugged, “I don't know.” 

 

 Dick had some sort of weird obsession with the rain or maybe it was just he storm in general, anyway he had been watching the rain through the window the last time he saw him so he was probably still doing that. 

 

Of course he didn't tell Barbara that, she already knew more than she was supposed to and knowing how much of a blabbermouth she was it was surprising how she hadn't said anything yet. 

 

“Wanna play Uno?” Barbara pulled out a pack of cards from her pocket. 

 

“Sure, how do you play?” Jason asked, hopping off the bed. 

 

Barbara gasped, it was a gasp that was so exaggerated you knew it was fake. “You've never played Uno?!” 

 

“Should I have?” 

 

“Tim! Did you know Jason's never played Uno before?” 

 

Tim tensed looking up from his book, he clearly hasn't been paying attention. 

 

He didn't really understand how someone could get so caught up in ‘Scientific Method: Beginners Volume 2’ but who knows maybe it's just a cover for a sci-fi book.

 

“Uno Timmy, do you wanna play?” Jason said so that Tim would know what they were talking about. 

 

Tim made an o shape with his mouth before signing. 

 

Jason smirked, turning back to face Barbara before he translated.“He said he doesn't know how to play. Guess Uno’s not as popular as you thought.” Jason teased.



“ANDDD SKIP!” A voice echoed down the hall. 

 

They had been yelling for a while and were only getting louder.

 

“Well that's still not gonna stop me from winning my next turn!” 

 

“Uhhh Tim do you have a plus 2 card?? Jason??”

 

“I'm not translating for you!” 

 

“What! That's not fair!” 

 

“Kids,” Bruce knocked on the door. 

 

“Shhh! What is it?” 

 

“Can I talk to Barbara for a moment?” Bruce asked, trying to make his voice heard in case they start yelling again.

 

“That means ya lose!” 

 

“No, just pause the game for me!” 

 

The door creaked open in time for Bruce to see Jason flipping the middle finger on Barbara as her back was turned. 

 

Barbara closed the door behind her. 

 

“How about we go a bit down the hall in case Jason starts yelling again.” Bruce suggested. 

 

“No it's fine, I have to make sure they don't play without me.” Barbara eyed the door as if at any moment she'd blot for it.

 

“So…well..” Bruce hesitated, he should've come up with a script to stick to, “You know how you went into the Batcave?”

 

“Oh!!” Barbara's eyes lit up in recognition, "If that's what you want to talk about Mr Wayne then you don't have to worry, I'll keep it a secret.” Barbara smiled.

 

“Thank you Barbara,” Bruce sighed, grateful that Barbara was willing to cooperate and he didn't have to go to plan C. 

 

“It's sad you have to keep your love a secret though,” Barbara said.

 

Bruce raised an eyebrow, “Love?” 

 

Did Brucie have an apparent secret lover he didn't know about?

 

“Bruce you don't have to hide it from me, I already know you're dating Batman.” Barbara said with a sort of empathic tone to her voice.

 

“Wait hold on Barbara that's not-” Bruce started, very confused as to where Barbara got this from. 

 

“Don't worry Bruce, for as long as you keep it a secret I will stand by your side.”  Barbara looked up at Bruce with a sudden fire in her eyes.

 

“Barbara- that's not-” Bruce stammered, not really sure what to say.

 

Before Bruce could finish collecting his thoughts and correct her, Barbara was back in Jason's room. 
Notes:

    LOL Bruce really was just left confused in the hallway

    Also

    Barbara may or may not be trying to suck up to Bruce so that she can hang with Batman

Chapter 33: To want or to not want that is the question
Summary:

    Dick discovers he's allowed to do 2 more things

Notes:

    Hey guys please just look at the end note, thank you!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Batman shivered, he was completely drenched.

 

Despite the material of his costume being ‘Waterproof’ apparently it wasn't Gotham level waterproof. Of course it hadn't absorbed much water so it was doing it's job but Bruce would rather have had it absorb no water. 

 

 He probably would start on remaking his suit or at least making an alternative waterproof one.

 

Batman looked down at his watch, it was around time he should stop his patrol. Which was good because he had already swung around the city twice. 

 

There weren't many criminals out right now, which was probably due to the storm. Of course there still were muggers and gangs but none of the rogues. 

 

In fact the one rogue who probably had enough crazy in him to actually make an appearance would probably be the Joker. However he hadn't seen the Joker out yet, in fact he hadn't seen him out in a couple months, which was concerning to say the least.

 

As thunder sounded throughout the city, Batman paused looking back at it, making sure the lightning hadn't hit anything. 

 

Despite the storm, most Gothamites continued to roam the streets, bringing an even crankier attitude than normal with them. 

 

As Batman made his way towards the richer side of Gotham, he was reminded of the whole Batman-Bruce Wayne situation.

 

Since Barbara was here until Jim was done with his case in Ethiopia, he still had time to correct her, he just needed to come up with what to say. 

 

However a question lingered in the back of his mind of if he should correct her at all. 

 

Barbara was extremely talkative, especially about things she liked and while she did promise to keep it a secret. It didn't change the fact that she still was a child who still needed to work on her self control. 

 

Batman sighed, entering the cave.

 

He wanted to trust Barbara, he really did, but with how she was behaving recently, there was no telling what she'd do with the knowledge of knowing his identity.

 

While Barbara was welcome in their house that didn't exactly extend to the Batcave and definitely didn't extend to being able to mess with their electronics.

 

Bruce placed his suit away and got changed before making his way upstairs.

 

“Alfred?” He called out, fixing the cuff of his sleeve. 

 

It was silent.

 

That was strange. Usually Alfred was there waiting to greet him and welcome him back. 

 

He didn't hear any noise for the children either.

 

“Alfred?” He called out again. “Jason?”

 

There was no one on the first floor. 

 

Maybe they were all on a higher floor and that was why he couldn't hear them. 

 

“Jason?” Bruce called out making his way up to the second floor, “Jason? Are you up here?”

 

“Shhh!” 

 

Bruce turned towards the noise, “Jason?” 

 

“Be quiet, we're playing hide and seek,” The voice hissed.

 

“Oh, is Alfred playing too?” Bruce asked.

 

“Yeah, he's the seeker, now get out of here before you give me away!” They whispered. 

 

Well that explained the silence.

 

Bruce's original plan was to play with the kids when he got home, but now that they were already playing a game he didn't want to ruin it for them. 

 

He figured now that he didn't have anything to do, he could go back to the Batcave and research more into the Joker. He really needed to figure out what he was planning. 

 

Before Bruce could start making his way downstairs, a voice caught his attention.

 

“Rain.” 

 

Bruce looked over to see Dick pointing to the window, staring at him.

 

“Yeah, that's rain.” Bruce said awkwardly.

 

Dick nodded looking back at the window. 

 

Well, he didn't have to start researching the Joker right now. 

 

Bruce went over to Dick and sat next to him.

 

“Are you not playing hide and seek with the others?” Bruce asked.

 

“No,” Dick said before shrinking back away from Bruce, “Rain.” He pointed at it. 

 

“Do you like the rain?” Bruce asked, smiling softly.

 

“Like?” Dick echoed before shaking his head. “Talons no allowed like.” 

 

Bruce's eyebrows pinched together, “Dick, you're no longer a Talon, remember?” 

 

Dick looked up at him.

 

“You are allowed to like stuff,” Bruce explained, placing a hand on Dick's shoulder. “The court doesn't matter anymore, you can do anything you want.”

 

“Want?” Dick echoed, “Talons no allowed want.” 

 

Bruce sighed. Dick had been brainwashed, he should've figured that it would take longer than a few simple words to fix Dick. 

 

“Dick you're allowed to want. If you have any questions on what you're allowed to do, ask me alright?” 

 

Dick paused, probably thinking it over. 

 

He really hoped he didn't trigger another ‘Talon no allowed’. 

 

Dick nodded, “Yes Bruce.”

 

Bruce gave a small smile.

 

“Where the f*ck did ya come from Alfie-?!” A voice yelled down the hall.

 

Both Bruce and Dick turned towards the yelling.

 

“Looks like Alfred found Jason.” Bruce stated, standing up. 

 

It was pretty late and Alfred probably hadn't started on dinner yet. He knew he wasn't the best with cooking but he could at least offer some help. 

 

“I'm going to ask Alfred if he needs any help with dinner, do you want to come with me?” Bruce asked.

 

Dick tensed. 

 

The words had slipped out of Bruce as if they were second nature.

 

Maybe it wasn't the best idea to stay that to the person who had just learned they were allowed to want things.

 

“It's alright Dick, you don't have to come with me.” Bruce gave him an apologetic look.

 

Dick shook his head and stood up next to Bruce. 

 

While Bruce was happy that Dick was coming, he wasn't sure that this was what Dick actually wanted to do. 

 

The game must've ended after Alfred had found Jason because a few minutes after while they were making their way to the kitchen. The smell of meat was slowly making its way throughout the manor.

 

As soon as Bruce entered the kitchen he felt Alfred's eyes on him. 

 

“I thought I told you, you weren't allowed in the kitchen anymore.” Alfred stated, eyeing him from out the corner of his eyes.

 

Bruce winced knowing full well Alfred could kick him out at any moment, “I just wanted to see if you needed any help, it's pretty late already.” 

 

“I do not need help from someone who is a fire hazard in the kitchen,” Alfred stated before stopping with whatever he was doing and fully turning to face Bruce. “Dick, would you be able to help me?” 

 

Dick nodded. 

 

“Here you are,” Alfred grabbed a spoon from the counter and handed it to Dick. “I need you to stir the pot of soup over there,” Alfred motioned over to the stove and Dick nodded. 

 

“I could've done that.” Bruce huffed.

 

Alfred raised an eyebrow, “What was the last thing you burnt on the stove again?”

 

Bruce winced, knowing exactly what Alfred was talking about

 

 “Ah yes, water .” Alfred deadpanned.

 

“It wasn’t that bad,” Bruce tried to deflect. 

 

Alfred, who had gone back to chopping his vegetables, completely stopped and looked Bruce in the eyes, “It caught on FIRE.” 

 

“It wasn’t a big fire,” Bruce looked away trying to avoid eye contact.

 

“Master Bruce, there shouldn’t have been a fire at all, you were boiling WATER.” Alfred tried to explain, “Oh- Master Dick you cannot touch that.”

 

The pot made a screeching sound and Bruce looked up, forgetting his embarrassment.

 

Alfred was holding Dick’s hand, examining it.

 

“What happened?” Bruce asked, suddenly alarmed as Alfred turned on the tap.

 

“He touched the pot,” Alfred answered, “Hold your hand out like this under the tap, until I say to stop.” 

 

Dick nodded following his instructions. 

 

“Is it bad?” 

 

“No, it doesn’t seem so,” Alfred frowned, watching Dick’s hand, “Bruce could you get some moisturizer?” 

 

Bruce nodded quickly, getting up and leaving the room.



Dick didn't know why the Owl’s acted so worried.

 

Dick had a burn before and no one acted like this.

 

“...Does it hurt?” Bruce asked, placing the slimy stuff in his hand. 

 

Talons did not hurt. 

 

Talons did not feel pain.

 

Owl knew that.

 

Owl knew that?

 

Bruce wasn’t like the other Owls so maybe he didn’t know.

 

Dick shook his head. 

 

Bruce smiled at him, “Just take it easy.” 

 

‘ Just take it easy ’?

 

They were all words he recognized but for some reason still didn’t make sense.

 

Bruce had said he could ask him if he had questions. 

 

Asking questions was not very Talon . 

 

Talons don’t ask questions. 

 

But maybe since Bruce owl said so, it was okay! 

 

Dick opened his mouth trying to say the words. 

 

“What happened?” Loud Talon said, walking up beside Bruce.

 

Loud Talon was very loud. 

 

So Dick had known he was coming but he didn’t know he would speak before him.

 

“He touched a pot.” 

 

Dick looked over to the gray thing, pot , he would remember the word.

 

“Woah!” The little girl was almost as loud as Loud Talon, “What happened to him?”

 

Gray said something and made everyone move to the big table room.

 

In the big table room the food that Gray had been making was in the center. 

 

“You can eat anything you want.” 

 

Want 

 

Dick stared at the food on the table. 

 

What did he want ?

 

The Court said that the ‘want’ feeling was bad and that tools should not want anything. 

 

He expected some sort of thing to happen when he allowed himself to want. 

 

But nothing did. 

 

Dick didn't even feel this ‘want feeling' whatever that felt like. 

 

 
Notes:

    Heyyyy so I'm going be going on vacation again so for the next 2 weeks there are gonna be no chapters! I'm planning on trying to start back up again when I get back but don't be alarmed if I take another extra week!

    Hope ya'll liked the chapter tho tried to squeeze in some Talon development before I left!

Chapter 34: Broken Realizations
Summary:

    Jason is upset and unintentionally causes Dick to have an extensional crisis

Notes:

    I'M SO SORRY IT'S LATE I'LL EXPLAIN MORE IN THE ENDING NOTE!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“GAH!” 

 

He was on the ground.

 

He was on the ground?

 

Why was he on the ground? 

 

There was a voice and Jason looked up.

 

Dick was staring down at him from…

 

Oh

 

It happened again 

 

“Dick! What did I tell ya ‘bout personal space!” Jason fumed, “If ya keep doing this I swear I'll have ta start sleepn’ with a gun.” Jason warned, it was the wrong way to threaten him though because Dick would probably be the one who'd be least bothered by it.

 

“ What? ” Dick asked, the tone was sickeningly innocent. God forbid he throw in that clueless looking face with the blinking eyes to.

 

“You know exactly what!” Jason hissed.

 

Something comes flying and hits him directly on the face.

 

“Ow,”Jason groaned, rubbing his face. 

 

Tiny was in front of him when he opened his eyes, angrily signing.

 

‘You loud’ was all he got from it but it was enough to know why he was upset.

 

“It's not even my fault! If yur gonna blame someun’ blame Dick!” Jason argued pointing up to Dick who was in the same exact spot, unmoving.

 

Tiny began to sign again and Jason didn't catch any of the words this time, he wasn't even sure if they were words. 

 

“Question.” A quiet voice interpreted. 

 

It was Dick. 

 

“What know want?”

 

“What what- what did you say?” Jason's brows furrowed trying to decipher the meaning. 

 

“What know want?” Dick repeated. 

 

“What know want? Know you want something? What do you want?” Jason struggled finding ways to fit all the words into a sentence while actually making it make sense. 

 

‘H O W switch W H A T’ Tiny signed. 

 

Maybe Tiny was on to something!

 

If he could add words why couldn't he also take them away? 

 

“How know want…” As soon as he said it it was all so clear! “How to know you want something?’ 

 

Dick nodded.

 

They solved it! 

 

Now they just….have to answer it…

 

Jason looked at Tiny and Tiny shook his head. 

 

“How about we ask Alfred?” Jason smiled sheepishly. 

 

Jason wasn't the best at explaining things so it probably was the best choice to ask Alfred. 

 

A hand grabbed hold of arm, keeping him from moving towards the door. 

 

“No,” Dick stated.

 

“No?” He questioned.

 

“No.” 

 

Jason looked at Tiny for help, who just lifted up his hands as if to say ‘Don’t look at me!’

 

“Dick there's nothing to worry about,” Jason tried to comfort while pulling him towards the door, “It's just Alfred down there, you've met Alfred before.” 

 

For some reason that only made it worse, making him grab onto the door frame, forcing Jason to once again stay in place.

 

Usually Jason would completely give up on something this disagreeable but the fact that it was Dick acting this way made him interested.

 

“Do you not want to see Alfred?” Jason asked. 

 

Dick shook his head and looked down at the floor. 

 

“Why?” 

 

“Hurt hand,” Dick extended his bandaged hand towards Jason. 

 

“Yeah? So what? You don't want to see him because you hurt your hand?”

 

 It was supposed to be a joke but it seemed like Dick didn't get the memo and answered “Yes.” 

 

“Hold on,” Jason studied Dick's behavior, he refused to look up and didn't want to face Alfred because of a stupid reason. “Are you embarrassed ?” Jason grinned suddenly, finding this all too amusing.

 

“No!” Dick deflected looking up, making it all too clear revealing the redness of his gray face. 

 

“You are!” Jason pointed, breaking into a wider smile.

 

Dick shrunk back and Tiny intervened standing in between the two. 

 

‘Stop Jason’ Tiny signed firmly. 

 

“Stop what?”

 

‘Making Dick feel bad’ 

 

“I'm just teasing.” Jason crossed his arms.

 

‘It is mean’ Tiny signed before turning his focus over to Dick.

 

Mean? 

 

 “I wasn't even teasing him about anything serious.” Jason argued.

 

Tiny ignored him, continuing to sign to Dick.

 

One word was signed, the reason behind it was unknown but that was all it took for everything to go to h*ll. 

 

“I'm not a bully!” Jason yelled. 

 

Tim looked surprised for a moment as if he hadn't expected Jason to catch it, like he thought Jason was dumb. 

 

But Tim soon recovered and shot back, ‘Well don't act like one’

 

“And you know everything?”

 

‘No but I know more than you.’ Tim stated.

 

“For some who is sooo smart it's a wonder why you can't speak.” Jason sneered. 

 

‘The fact you had to bring up my own issues shows a lot about you’

 

Jason scoffed, turning away from them, “Ya know, I never even wanted a brother.”  

 

Jason stormed down the hall slamming shut the guest room door. He started to throw down as much stuff and furniture as he could before crawling into the vent on the wall. 

 

It was a bit smaller than the other vents he was used to but it was comfortable. 

 

Tim was completely wrong. 

 

Clearly Tim didn't know the meaning of the word ‘Bully’ because Jason didn't fit the description at all! 

 

He didn't push people down and physically hurt them. Nor did he steal people's things or spread false information. 

 

Maybe he did tease a bit but what was the harm in that?

 

It wasn't like he was ever serious about anything he said. 

 

Jason let himself curl into the corner of the vent as he waited for Tim to come and apologize.



Dick didn't understand what was happening. 

 

Loud Talon and Baby Talon were talking but things felt weird. 

 

Loud Talon was louder than normal and looked upset.

 

Baby Talon didn't look upset but he acted upset, doing faster hand things and squeezing Dick's arm after Loud Talon left.

 

Baby Talon took him back to the room he stayed in and then he left. 

 

He was glad he didn't have to see Alfred at least. 

 

He still couldn't believe he had hurt himself while trying to help Alfred. Alfred had even taken time to make sure he was okay. 

 

Dick should be ashamed of himself after doing that to an Owl. 

 

Dick looked up hearing a noise.

 

It was coming from the wall?

 

Dick climbed up towards the noise. 

 

It sounded like talking?

 

There was something gray blocking his way, so he pulled it off the wall. 

 

After moving the gray thing he realized it was an entrance to something. 

 

It looks like a tunnel. 

 

Dick climbed inside, he needed to find the maker of the noise after all. 

 

As he got closer it no longer sounded like talking but something else.

 

He wasn't sure what the noise was but it didn't sound good. 

 

“Talon?” Dick looked curiously at the person in the corner. 

 

The person jumped, “Dick?! What the … are you doing here?!”

 

“Looking,” it looked like Loud Talon was the maker of the noise. 

 

Loud Talon wiped his face, “Well you found me so go away.” 

 

His voice sounded weird and something was telling him to go towards Loud Talon.

 

The something told him how little and tiny Loud Talon was and he needed to have his full attention.

 

The more Loud Talon yelled the more the something told him to go to Loud Talon.

 

“Didn't you hear me, I want to be alone!” Loud Talon banged his fist on the tunnel making a loud noise. 

 

The something was right, something was wrong with Loud Talon but he didn't understand what. 

 

“It okay Talon,” Dick pat Loud Talon's back, making him push his arm away. 

 

“I'm not a … Talon so stop calling me that.” Loud Talon said his voice was now low and he was looking weirdly at him. 

 

Not a Talon? 

 

Something must be very wrong with Loud Talon to not think he was a Talon.

 

“Yes you Talon,” Dick tried to explain. 

 

Loud Talon gave him another weird look, “No I'm not, I'm human.” 

 

But he…

 

When had Loud Talon ever done anything that Talons did?

 

“But belong to Bruce.” Dick said, trying to prove himself right.

 

“ No, I'm just his … kid.” Loud Talon(?) scoffed. 

 

Kid? 

 

Loud Talon was his kid? 

 

Owls don't have kids so did that mean… Bruce was human? 

 

Were Baby Talon and Red Talon also human? 

 

If that was right then…

 

It made sense

 

All the different rules, how weird everyone acted. 

 

They weren't Talons

 

This wasn't the court 

 

This wasn't the court…

 

The court would never let a Talon go free

 

They would find him

 

They would find THEM 
Notes:

    GUY I'M SO SORRYY!!!!! After I came back from vacation I got super sick and went to the hospital when I finally got better I ended up getting a concussion but I knew I couldn't leave you guys waiting for so long so I ended up writing this chapter, so that's why some of the writing might seem off.... I also ended up falling asleep when I was trying to work on the chapter so that's why it's late this week.

    Anyway this chapter was supposed to be light hearted but then it ended up taking a turn and I have no idea why... this does make it more interesting but it might be too much for one chapter so sorry about that

Chapter 35: Panic tinted glasses
Summary:

    Dickie is struggling but don't worry he has a plan on how to keep everyone safe!

Notes:

    Lol I completely forgot that I was a fic writer and thought I was a normal person and randomly in the middle of the night I was like "OH FRICK-"

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

He

 

Couldn't 

 

Breathe 

 

He couldn't breathe!!

 

Every time he took a breathe it wasn't enough

 

He tried to take faster shorter breathes but it still wasn't enough 

 

His chest felt 

 

tight 

 

His head felt 

 

dizzy 

 

Everything was too loud, the buzzing, the creaking, the voice 

 

It was too much

 

At the same time it was all too quiet for him to understand 

 

“Dick” 

 

He heard his name but didn't understand it 

 

What was happening?

 

He could see someone in front of him but he had forgotten who it was

 

Was it important? 

 

Yes it was he needed to recognize them 

 

He had to

 

His chest felt even tighter and his head hurt as he tried to remember something, anything  

 

He couldn't do this

 

At the same time a hand touched his shoulder

 

Touch

 

It touched him 

 

Touched him 

 

“Talon you have to work harder,”

 

“This is what you must do Talon,” 

 

“Talons don't have feelings,” 

 

“Stop that or the others will suffer because of you!” 

 

“Talon listen to me,” 

 

“Listen to me!” 

 

“Talon!” 

 

“Dick? Can you try to copy my breathing?” 

 

Talon looked up, his vision blurrier than he remembered. 

 

They took a big breath in and slowly breathed out. 

 

Talon tried to copy but he couldn't stop himself from going back to the short breaths. 

 

Despite his desperate trying, there was something in him forcing him to breathe NOW 

 

He tried to say sorry, that he couldn't do it, but everytime he tried another breath interrupted him.

 

“Can you name me four things you see?” 

 

Four things? 

 

Four things? 

 

That was only one more than three 

 

He could do that 

 

Talon blinked trying to get a better view of what was around him, “Gray thing,” Who was in front of him? Did he have to say a name? “You?” They didn't seem upset with that so Talon kept going. “Me…” Talon looked around trying to find one last thing. 

 

Where was it?

 

Did he name everything? 

 

He had to name four things- 

 

If he couldn't name four things- 

 

“What about what you're wearing?” 

 

Yes!

 

That was something 

 

“This,” Talon touched his clothes, not remembering the name.

 

“Good job! Now can you uh name me three things you uhh hear!” 

 

“You…” Talon stopped a breath interpreting him, “Me” Talon hesitated, what was the name of the buzzing thing? “Bzz,” Talon tried to copy the noise trying to communicate what he was talking about.

 

They nodded, understanding. 

 

He could do this

 

“How about two things you feel.” 

 

Feel

 

Feel

 

Feel? 

 

Dick now realized that the hard gray thing had been pushing against his skin and it didn't feel good. The hand on his shoulder was rubbing circles on his skin. 

 

“Grey thing, you,” Dick answered. 

 

“Good job !” They praised, “How about uh, something you smell?” 

 

Hmmm

 

Where there any smells up here? 

 

Dick sniffed. 

 

Something was in the air it-

 

He sneezed. 

 

What was that?

 

“Pft-” He placed a hand over his face to stop the noise, “It's pretty dusty up here, I don't know if it's a smell but I think that counts.” 

 

Dick nodded, not exactly knowing what he was saying ‘yes’ to but he did it anyway.

 

His face changed, looking more serious, “Are you okay?” He asked softly.

 

Dick nodded, this time he knew he had to say ‘yes’.

 

“That's good,” He sighed. 

 

Dick felt pain in his chest. 

 

If the court found Dick,

 

They would find the others

 

The court would see just as Dick had.

 

They would want them.

 

They would take them.

 

He couldn't let that happen.

 

The court was good but the court wasn't the place for a human

 

He needed to protect them

 

He needed to … 

 

Dick picked up the kid, he knew exactly what he needed to do.
Notes:

    Sorry y'all it's later and I know it's TECHNICALLY the next day but I haven't gone to sleep yet so it's still Friday!!!

    I hope y'all liked this chapter, not a lot of info but we get to see Dicks POV and I honestly love writing his POV

    Originally this was supposed to be Jason's POV but I struggled trying to convey why Dick was freaking out and it felt awkward writing Jason's outside perspective of Dick's panic attack.

    I do hope I conveyed Dick's panic attack well, I was trying my best to draw from personal experiences while still making changes because Dick is a different person ofc.

    I planned for Dick to be more of a silent suffering type, like Dick didn't really showed signs of a panic attack until Jason actually touched him, he just seemed really out of it before then from Jason's perspective. However since that was scrapped I don't know if I really conveyed it properly.

Chapter 36: Something weird is going on
Summary:

    Tim is BAFFLED, CONFUSED, BEWILDERED by what on earth is happening

    Lol just wanted to used those fun words but honestly in a way it kinda is a the summary ya know what just read it

Notes:

    Lol welcome back

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Tim hadn't wanted to fight with Jason. 

 

It was more of a spur of the moment kind of thing. 

 

He felt bad for being harsh with Jason. 

 

But did he regret it? 

 

No

 

Jason needed to understand that what he was doing was mean. 

 

He had done the exact same thing with Barbara and whether he realized it or not, she had been avoiding him. 

 

Back then Tim hadn’t wanted to confort Jason because he knew that he’d respond poorly, but he couldn’t let Jason reset the progress they had made with Richard. 

Anyone would see that he was so horribly vulnerable right now. One wrong word and he could end up resorting back to his old behaviors. 

A voice interrupted his thoughts, “Master Timothy I do hope those pancakes are as pleasant for your taste buds as they are for your eyes.”

 

Tim looked up at Alfred, a bit confused by his statement.

 

“You’ve been staring at your pancakes for around fifteen minutes.” Alfred explained. 

 

‘Oh’ Was all Tim could say in response. 

 

Alfred sighed, sitting down, “You do know you can speak to me if something is bothering you, correct?”

 

Tim nodded, fidgeting with his hands. 

 

“Is anyone being harmed from this?” Alfred asked patiently.

 

Tim paused, it wasn’t like anyone was getting physically hurt from it but people still were getting hurt from it.

 

‘Feeling’

 

“Someone is being emotionally harmed because of it?” 

 

Tim nodded. 

 

Alfred hummed, “Do you think that puts them in danger?” 

 

He shrugged, it probably wouldn't.

 

“Well as long as no one's getting seriously hurt,” Alfred stood up, straightening out his clothing.

 

‘You are not going to ask what happened?’ Tim signed, confused. He had thought the questions were leading up to Alfred finally asking. 

 

“No, I'm not going to pressure you into giving me information. I trust that if the situation really were out of control that you would inform me.” Alfred explained. 

 

Trust? 

 

Was it right for Alfred to trust him? 

 

Was he really trustworthy?

 

What if he was wrong and should tell Alfred?

 

Should he ask-

 

Oh right 

 

Jason was still mad at him.

 

Was there anyone else he could ask? 

 

Maybe…Bruce? 

 

Bruce was working at home right now but he always paused his work if one of them wanted to talk to them.

 

He didn't really want to bother him but since he had no idea where Barbara was, this was probably the best course of action.

 

Tim swiftly slid off his chair and left the kitchen before Alfred could notice. 

 

When he did, Tim could faintly hear Alfred yelling at him to come back and finish his food.

 

Tim brushed it off. 

 

He would be back anyway, he could finish his food then.



Before no time he reached the door of Bruce's study. 

 

Tim knocked and waited patiently for Bruce to open the door.

 

… 

 

….Tim knocked again and waited patiently for Bruce to open the door.

 

…

 

Tim knocked AGAIN not waiting very patiently for Bruce to open the door. 

 

Tim pressed his head against the door listening in. 

 

Tim opened the door, completely ignoring the part about being patient.

 

The study was empty. 

 

Some papers were messily scattered across the desk, but other than that the study looked the exact same as when Bruce wasn't using it. 

 

Where had Bruce gone? 

 

Surely he couldn't have gone far. 

 

Tim left the study and began to make his way down the hallway. 

 

Maybe he was just taking a break.

 

Or maybe he had gone to the kitchen!

 

It was still pretty early so maybe he had gone down for breakfast.

 

Pssss

 

Alfred was still preparing food when he was down.

 

Psssttt

 

That was great! If Bruce was down there then he could finish his breakfast and ask Bruce! 

 

Pssssttttffftfadsha

 

What was that?

 

Tim paused looking around. 

 

“Tim!” The voice hissed, “Down here!”

 

Tim looked down but only saw the carpet. 

 

“Ugh! Come here!” 

 

Tim was yanked through one of the doors on the left. Just as quickly as they grabbed him, they let go, making him fall onto the carpet. 

 

Tim clutched his chest, winded from the fall.

 

There was a person in front of him, they were looking under the door. 

 

“Alright, looks like we're safe,” They murmured, turning towards him. 

 

They looked familiar…

 

Was that Barbara?!

 

What was she doing here?

 

“Oh, are you alright?” She asked, whispering. 

 

Tim nodded, finally regaining his normal breathing. 

 

“Good,” Barbara placed her hands on his shoulder, “What the heck were you doing!!” Barbara shook him back and forth, “What if I wasn't there when he came through! You'd be gone now!” !” 

 

What?

 

Tim put his arms out, stopping Barbara from shaking him. 

 

‘What are you talking about?’ 

 

Barbara's eyes widened as if she suddenly realized something, “Oh my god! I don’t know Sign Language!” 

 

Oh

 

Right

 

And he must have left his notebook in his room because he didn’t have it in his pocket. 

 

This day was turning out to be a complete mess.
Notes:

    Poor Timmy, honestly so glad I remembered I had to post this or I would've just gone the rest of the day without realizing and then like at 1 am I would be like "OH NO DID I FORGET TO POST MY CHAPTER??"

    Lol I honestly don't really have my usual like reflecting on the chapter and stuff like extra info or whatever because I just wrote this basically today SOBBB. I was like "Oh this chapter is okay but what if I rewrite the whole thing?"

    Hope ya'll liked it and have a good rest of your day or good next day if you're reading this at night- or well good night I guess? Idk man I'm rambling, I don't think I've rambled this much about a non chapter thing in awhile. Or maybe I'm just forgetting whatever I'm stopping myself-

    GOOD BYEEE

    SEE YOU NEXT WEEK ❤️❤️❤️

Chapter 37: Tim's carrying
Summary:

    Tim is doing all the work in this family

Notes:

    I'm so sorry this ended up being a short chapter!!

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Barbara bounded down the stairs barely containing her excitement.

 

With an attitude like that you wouldn’t even guess that their family had gotten possibly kidnapped.

 

Tim sighed, waving her away so she knew it was fine for her to explore, again . 

 

It was probably for the best anyway he didn't need Barbara to get any louder than she already was. If he did run into a problem he'd just go and get her. 

 

Tim turned on the Batcomputer. 

 

Back when Jason had gone through the portal to find Bruce, Tim insisted that he at least wore a tracker. He ended up placing it onto his jacket. 

 

A lot had happened since then and knowing Jason, he had probably forgotten about it. 

 

After the tracer finished loading some coordinates popped up. 

 

Hm

 

Well it looked like he was right about Jason still wearing it. 

 

But something was strange about it, the coordinates traced back to the manor library. 

 

If Jason really had been kidnapped, why in the world would he be in the library? 

 

Something else was strange too, if someone really had broken in should the computer alert him somehow? 

 

He didn't know much about Batman's technology but he would think Batman had something like that implemented.

 

Suddenly an idea popped into his head, if the computer won't tell him, he could just check himself! 

 

Tim opened the camera feed, and views of several different rooms appeared onto the screen.

 

He pressed the arrow key and different rooms covered the screen, taking the place of the rooms before.  

 

Figuring that the arrow buttons wouldn’t help him in finding the past footage, he pressed the three lines button on the side. 

 

As soon as he pressed that button the screen flooded with different words and numbers.

 

Overwhelmed and not understanding any of the words, Tim pressed on one and hoped that it was the right one. 

 

The screen automatically switched back to the cameras but the change from pressing that one button was evident. 

 

Everything in the camera’s vision had turned a strange bright color.

 

Tim went back to the menu and pressed on something else hoping that it would get rid of the weird colors. 

 

It brought him back to the cameras again but this time it only focused on one camera and there were numbers on the side of the screen.

 

Now he was freaking out, what if there was no way to change it back? 

 

No  

 

He could do this. 

 

Disable?

 

That seemed promising.

 

The computer shut down.

 

Now seemed like a good time to go get Barbara. 



“Oh! Tim, look at this!” Barbara exclaimed as she spotted Tim’s reflection peeking out  from around the corner.

 

She was wearing one of the spare batsuits, it was baggy but less baggy than it should have been considering Batman’s figure. It almost looked like it fit her.

 

Like it belonged to her.

 

“Now we can go save everyone!” 

 

Tim blinked.

 

Tim pointed to Barbara’s outfit and made an x with his fingers. 

 

“What? I can't wear it? Why not?” Barbara whined. 

 

Tim made his two fingers look as if they tripped over something.

 

“I can be careful! I could just cut off the-” 

 

Tim violently shook his head.

 

There was no way they were going to mess with Batman’s stuff. They probably weren’t even supposed to be down here. 

 

Just as Barbara was about to say something, there was a creek making the both of them freeze.

 

Barbara grabbed hold of Tim's arm and pulled him behind some boxes. 

 

It was fast.

 

So fast that Tim couldn't even make them out as they ran all over the room.

 

All he could see was a black blur, and then they were gone.

 

“ See! I can run in this !” Barbara grinned. 

 

Tim deadpanned, wanting to be upset, but instead a smile crept into his face.
Notes:

    Guys...I know it feels unfinished. I did my thing were a rewrote the chapter the same day I'm posting it and this time...it didn't really work out.

    Usually I have more time but this week I had a bucket load of tests and a project to start and finish this week so I ended up not having as much time I usually do which ended with me rushing.

    Which also didn't help is that I ended up doing RESEARCH on the fricking security cameras. I want ya'll to know before I write about something I try my best to research it and make it as realistic as I can. HOWEVER it is so freaking hard to just FIND those guides I guess they just expect you to figure it out on your own or something. Once I did find a guide tho the words like were so complicated they weren't even English anymore.

    Next chapter I'll try to make longer I promise!!

Chapter 38: Nest of books
Summary:

    Meanwhile with Bruce, Jason, and Alfred...

Notes:

    Nest of books cause it's in a library get it :DDD??

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“I was wondering why you hadn't come down for breakfast yet.” A new voice revealed itself.

 

New to the ‘nest’ at least other than that this voice was not the least bit new. 

 

“Oh…hello Alfred,” Bruce greeted 

 

Alfred had a hand placed on his hip. 

 

“Would someone like to tell me why their son has decided to try out nesting?” Alfred looked pointedly at Bruce. 

 

“I was doing my work like you asked me to do.” Bruce deflected, “I hadn’t even seen Dick at all up until he decided to swoop down and take me away. In fact I wasn’t even the first person here.” 

 

Both of them turned to Jason.

 

Jason raised his hands in surrender. “Look, just because I got here first doesn’t mean I’m any less confused. I was just hanging out in the vents when Dick came outta nowhere and just started panicking. Next thing I know he grabs me and surrounds me with blankets and sh*t.” 

 

“Master Jason.” Alfred warned. 

 

Jason rolled his eyes in response.

 

“Do you remember saying anything that could’ve upset him?” Bruce asked, trying to figure out what could’ve triggered this.

 

Jason shrugged, “Dick’s kinda a loose cannon so anything really could've set him off.”

 

Bruce winced at the, pretty reasonable , expression, “Don’t say that about your brother Jason.” 

 

“It’s true though! He attacked me before and we still have no idea why!” Jason argued.

 

“You-” 

 

“Master Jason, can you repeat what you said to Master Dick, to us?” Alfred interjected. 

 

“Uhm,” Jason responded, probably a bit startled by the sudden question, “Well I don’t remember all my words but I think I told him to be quiet and stop calling me by that- stupid nickname.”

 

“Nickname?” Bruce questioned. 

 

“Ya, ya know the Talon one.” Jason spoke as if he was relaying some sort of universally known information. The problem was that he wasn’t doing that.

 

“No I don’t know,” Bruce said firmly, “What Talon one?” 

 

“Uhm,” Jason shrank back away from him , “Well he calls me Talon, Tim to I think.”

 

Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose not believing that he had missed such an obvious conclusion.

 

“Master Bruce, I fear that not everyone shares your same thought process and some may find your attitude confusing.” There was something similar to a backhanded compliment in there and it somewhat hurt his ego but as always Alfred was probably right.

 

Looking up, Bruce saw Alfred standing behind Jason with his hand placed on his shoulder. 

 

Right.

 

For healthy relationships you need to communicate.

 

He remembered reading that.

 

“Well, I had thought that Dick was just having a hard time adjusting considering his behavior but taking into account what Jason has said it seems as though I was naive to think it was just that. I believe that Dick still thinks he’s in the Court of Owls.” Bruce explained slowly not wanting to overload Jason with information that he didn’t understand. 

 

“But this place doesn’t even look like the Court.” 

 

“The Court is all he is all he really knows. It's much easier to believe that something's the same as it has always been than to accept that something's different.” Bruce explained. 

 

Jason bit his lip.

 

“Say you were a soldier, Master Jason, you spent years fighting in wars and in combat you receive an injury that renders you unconscious. You later awake in a white room surrounded by people in long gowns, there's something on your arm constricting your movements. The people try to speak to you but they are speaking another language and so you don't understand. One reaches out and touches you. What would you do in that situation?" Alfred asked.

 

“Well I know it's a hospital but in the moment I guess I'd probably be pretty freaked out,” Jason admits, shuffling his feet. 

 

“Do you think you as a soldier would realize that you were no longer on the front lines?” 

 

Jason's eyes lit up in understanding, “No! Is that how Dick feels?” 

 

“I believe that's what Master Bruce was trying to convey.” Alfred stated. 

 

Bruce nodded appreciatively towards Alfred before also adding a confirming “Yes” for Jason. 

 

Jason's brows furrowed, “Okay so, Dick freaked out because I made him realize he wasn't in the Court anymore but then why did he kidnap us all?” 

 

Bruce didn't have an answer for that either but it had to do something with the Court, he was sure of it. 

 

“Master Timothy, is there a reason as to why you're standing there, looking at us?” Alfred asked politely.

 

Both Jason and Bruce turned to see that Tim was, in fact, standing there behind them. 

 

‘Here save you’ Tim motioned for them to follow him.

 

“What about Dick,” Bruce cautioned.

 

They were pretty high up, and Dick was unpredictable at the moment.

 

‘Distracted’ Tim answered. 

 

Bruce didn't know why but he didn't like the sound of that.

 

‘Here’

 

Tim handed him the grapple gun. 

 

Where did Tim even find this?

 

It looked like an old model to…

 

“I'm afraid I'll have to stop you there Master Timothy, I don't believe those pillows would break the fall as much as you need them to.” Alfred pointed out. 

 

Completely missing what Tim had just signed Bruce was just left to wonder what the heck he was doing. 

 

Tim huffed taking the grapple gun from Bruce and pointed it at the upstairs railing.

 

Before Bruce could stop him Tim took a step off the bookshelf and was slowly lowered down onto the pillows. 

 

“Oh! Can I go next!” Jason volunteered.

 

Tim unhooked the grapple gun and threw it up to Jason. 

 

Jason copied what Tim had done except three fourths of the ride down he decided that he was low enough to just let himself fall, so he did exactly that. 

 

“This is why an adult should've gone first,” Alfred muttered before having his trip down on the grapple. It was slow much to Jason's dismay. 

 

“You have to do something cool Alfie!” Jason yelled. 

 

“I most certainly do not.” Alfred scoffed. 

 

“But you're going so slowww,” Jason whined. 

 

“If going slow means I'll be healthy and not have broken bones in the morning I'll gladly go along with it.” 

 

Just as Bruce caught the grapple for his turn down, that's when he saw it. 

 

A figure dashed out from around the corner. 

 

Bruce aimed the grapple at the railing, same as all the others had done but unlike the others he took a few steps back before rushing forward and swinging towards the figure.  

 

The figure dodged letting Bruce crash into the floor. However he wasn't fast enough to avoid Bruce grabbing his leg.

 

Dick stumbled a bit before finding his balance and trying to pull back his leg. 

 

“Go!” Bruce ordered through his clenched teeth.

 

In the distance Bruce watched Alfred grab hold of boy boys and drag them out. 

 

Phew

 

Easy part done

 

Bruce looked up into Dicks piercing blue eyes. 

 

Now for the hard part…
Notes:

    I apologize for any mistakes I sat down in a chair for 3 hours and finished this chapter which was a hell made my my own hand. I had time to do this but I just couldn't bring myself to write anything.

    The 3/4 is so out of place I don't think I've ever written a fraction in a chapter before...

    Truthfully I don't really have anything to add sooo hope ya'll are well and DRINK SOME WATER >:C !!!

Chapter 39: You don't have to be a bird to fly
Summary:

    Bruce talks and Dick finally understands

Notes:

    Dude gave myself a mini heart attack when I thought I forgot to post a chapter but my numbering was off and I really just labeled one of my chapter 34 while completely skipping 33. Guess I was tired or something that day

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Bruce pinned him to the ground. Pressing down with what felt like Bruce's whole weight. 

 

Dick squirmed under him. 

 

He didn't like this position.

 

“Dick, you have got to calm down.” 

 

Even though the wording was different, Dick still recognized the tone. 

 

Bruce was giving him an order.

 

Dick was supposed to listen to orders.

 

Dick was supposed to be a good Talon.

 

But Bruce wasn’t an Owl. 

 

Bruce was human. 

 

Dick didn’t have to listen to him. 

 

Dick broke away from Bruce’s grasp.

 

He needed to find the others. 

 

Dick couldn't believe they left the nest! 

 

 Didn't they understand that they were safer there? 

 

Bruce crashed into him, wrapping his arms around his waist and pulling him down. 

 

“Dick.” Bruce grunted. 

 

Dick pushed him away. 

 

He needed to- 

 

Bruce tumbled backward across the floor before eventually coming to a stop when hitting against one of the book holders with a thud. 

 

Dick winced, he hadn’t meant to use so much strength. 

 

But that was the problem wasn’t it? 

 

If he had done something he hadn’t meant to do, how could he stop himself in the future? 

 

He couldn’t.

 

“Dick,” Bruce crouched down in front of him. “It’s okay.” 

 

It wasn’t.

 

“Can you tell me why you’re acting this way?” 

 

He couldn’t.

 

“I’m sure we can help.” 

 

No. 

 

Bruce placed a hand on his shoulder and looked at him. 

 

Really looked at him. 

 

Dick felt a need to run. A need to hide .

 

He should have never left his nest. 

 

Then no one would have gotten hurt. 

 

Everything would have stayed the same. 

 

Everything would have been fine. 

 

“Dick?” Bruce was worried, concerned, for him .

 

Maybe, Bruce would understand. 

 

Maybe, he could just see what happens. 

 

Maybe, it would be okay. 

 

“Safe. Keep safe.” Dick said, looking up hesitantly at Bruce. 

 

“Safe?” Bruce's eyebrows pinched together. “In here?” 

 

He nodded, “Safe.” 

 

“Dick, we're already safe.” Bruce gave him a smile but Dick could still see the confusion hidden in his face. 

 

“No, Court hurt.” Dick explained, how had Bruce forgotten about the Court already?

 

“Dick, the Court isn't here, you don't have to worry about them anymore.”

 

Maybe Bruce was right about them not being here but that didn't mean that the Court didn't know they were here. 

 

They would always be at risk for as long as the Court existed. 

 

“They don't exist.” 

 

“What?” Dick stilled. 

 

“They don't exist, well, at least not here.” Bruce clarified. 

 

What was Bruce talking about? 

 

Of course the Court existed if they didn't then he wouldn't be here. 

 

“You see, you're from a different world.”

 

“World?” Dick repeated. 

 

“Yes, this place,” Bruce motioned around them, “Is my world.” 

 

“House?” Dick questioned. 

 

“Well- sort of , this house is part of my world but it's not the whole thing. The outside and everything else out there is also part of my world.” Bruce explained. 

 

“Where ‘Your World’?” Dick asked, if everything outside was Bruce's world then where was ‘Your World’?

 

Where was the Court? 

 

“You mean your world?” Bruce asked.

 

Dick nodded. 

 

Wasn't that what he just said?

 

“Your world is very VERY far from here. So far, you need a special way to get there. If you don't have it then you can't get here.” 

 

“Court?” 

 

“Doesn't have it.” Bruce finished. 

 

So, “No Court?” Dick tilted his head. 

 

“No Court.” Bruce confirmed. 

 

But…if there was no Court, then what was he supposed to do? 

 

His only purpose had been to serve the Court. 

 

“No Court, no Talon, who me?” 

 

“You’re Dick, and you can be whoever you want to be.” Bruce smiled, grabbing one of his hands. 
Notes:

    Don't really think anyone looked that deep into the title (I don't blame you either) so I'll just tell you what it meant, it's basically saying how Dick doesn’t have to be Talon to do something with his life and that he can still be a good person.

    I actually really like how I ended this chapter it was SO satisfying. I honestly don't think I've ever had such a good ending. So happy with the way I took this chapter to, this chapter has really come a long way like SERIOUSLY. It was originally gonna be Bruce's POV but then I realized that it wasn't really working and was super short so I decided to switch to Dick's POV to make it longer and have more internal dialogue. Dick was gonna have another freak out but I completely scrapped that because I felt like this was FINALLY the moment I was waiting for, for Dick to finally like understand what's really going on and I just needed to stop beating around the bush and DO IT.

    I honestly just realized how long it takes to write something and like it only really comes out to be a quick read. It's pretty depressing especially considering it takes me like a whole week to actually come up with an idea and finish the chapter that's only like a maybe 5 minute read.

    I'm trying to work more on being descriptive but it's pretty weird for me when I use it and I don't really know if it entirely makes sense so if you see some awkward descriptive settings in the future you know why.

Chapter 40: Tired Parent Alfred
Summary:

    Alfred's gets a bit stressed and the boys have a little talk

Notes:

    It's kinda funny when you don't know what to write until the day you're supposed to post a new chapter

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Let me go!” Jason yelled, struggling to get out of Alfred’s arms. 

 

He didn’t need to be carried around like some little kid.

 

He needed to get back to Bruce. 

 

Alfred spared him nothing more than a hm as he continued on his way towards wherever he was going. 

 

“We can’t just leave Bruce alone!” 

 

“Yes we can and we will.” Alfred stated, leaving no room for argument but Jason didn't care instead scoffing.

 

“Aren't you supposed to be worried about Bruce too?” Jason pointed out before adding, “Isn't that basically in your job description.” 

 

Alfred’s following “Master Jason” was said with such harshness that Jason instinctively froze. 

 

“Why don't we drop this conversation.” Alfred’s voice, while eerily calm, contained a sort of silent warning and Jason, who no longer wanted to take any chances quickly shut the f*ck up. 

 

The tension remained high as they continued on their way to the Batcave.

 

It wasn't until they reached the Batcave stairs that Alfred finally broke the silence.

 

“I apologize Young Masters, my emotions got the best of me.”

 

Jason glanced upwards but quickly looked back down once he realized Alfred was looking at him. 

 

“It's ‘kay,” He mumbled.

 

“No,” Alfred disagreed, “I should not have let my emotions interfere with my work performance. You are right Master Jason, caring for Master Bruce is technically part of my job description, but he is also my Master so I do still have to take orders from him.” 

 

Alfred put Jason down and kneeled down to look at him in the eyes. Jason's eyes flicked to the floor while Alfred placed a hand on his shoulder. 

 

“Believe me when I say that Master Bruce will be fine. He's faced way worse than Master Dick.” Alfred reassured, giving him a small smile. 

 

Jason bit his lip, he supposed that Alfred was right. Bruce was Batman after all.

 

Tim shuffled towards Alfred awkwardly in the background before tugging on Alfred's sleeve.

 

Alfred turned towards him, “Yes Master Timothy?” 

 

Tim signed slowly, almost hesitant, a letter B and then brought his finger to flick downward over his lips. 

 

Alfred's eyes widened before blinking back to their normal state, “You're right Master Timothy, how could I have ever forgotten? Both you boys stay here, alright? I'll be right back.” 

 

Both of them nodded as Alfred began making his way up the stairs. 

 

“Hey, what'd you-” Jason turned to look at Tim only to find that he wasn't beside him anymore, instead he was halfway across the room. “Tim?” 

 

Tim ignored him, sitting down on one of the couches in the corner. 

 

Oh right.

 

They were fighting. 

 

So much had seemed to happen since then that Jason had completely forgotten about it. 

 

Jason sat down on the couch opposing Tim’s.

 

He remembered Dick and how the fight indirectly caused Dick’s breakdown. 

 

Jason broke the silence, “So what are we gonna do?”

 

Tim looked up, ‘What?’

 

“What are we gonna do,” Jason repeated, “We can’t keep fighting.” 

 

‘No we can not’ Tim agreed.

 

“I’m not gonna say I’m sorry or anything and you probably aren’t either.” Jason paused, “But…I don’t really wanna fight when Dick’s having a hard time.” 

 

‘You’re mean sometimes’ Tim signed hesitantly. 

 

Excuse me???

 

He just said that whole thing about wanting them to not fight anymore and now Tim was bringing it back up?? 

 

What the h*ll!?

 

His face must have reflected what he was feeling because Tim immediately backtracked.

 

‘Sorry sorry not meaning to be rude sorry’ Tim signed so rapidly that Jason couldn’t even keep catch all the words. 

 

Jason raised his hands trying to calm Tim down, “Hey, hey, it’s fine I’m just confused why you would bring that back up, I thought-”

 

‘It is important’ Tim cut in, ‘You mean do not realize B A R B A R A sad not know you joke thought you hate her’

 

“Oh,” Jason answered lamely. 

 

Barbara didn’t actually think when he was teasing he was actually serious right?

 

Maybe he had been a bit serious in the beginning but after a while the red head weed had actually grown on him. He had thought that Barbara had known he was teasing since she always went along with it, unless she was actually being serious….

 

Tim poked him, breaking him out of his thoughts.

 

“What?” 

 

‘I should not have call you a B U L L Y sorry’ 

 

“Oh, thank you. You're right- though.” Jason quickly shot out so that he wouldn't feel any more like an a**hole for making it seem like Tim's fault.

 

Tim blinked. 

 

“You're right,” Jason repeated. He had barely seen Barbara the whole time she was here and if she had been avoiding him because she thought he hated her it'd make a lot of sense. “I'm sorry, ya know it really doesn't bother me that you don't talk, it was sh*tty of me to bring that up.”

 

Tim nodded, ‘Good?’ 

 

“Yeah we're good kid.” Jason gave him a small smile. Jason looked up at the entrance, “Hey, Alfred still isn't back yet maybe we could just quickly check on Bruce-” 

 

‘N O’
Notes:

    I don't know how my phone somehow is practically dead even though the only thing I've done on it was write this chapter. It's a bit short but as I said last chapter I tried to add more descriptions and descriptiveness, don't really know if there's much of a difference but if there is one I hope it's a good difference. I can't think of much else to say so take this:

    Alfred this chapter: Seriously, you decide for all this to happen when I'm supposed to be making LUNCH, you couldn't have picked a better time??

    Me: Character development.

    Alfred: Well those characters aren't gonna be developing when they have no food to eat.

    Me: Hm oh wait upset Alfred could be an interesting addition.

Chapter 41: Beep
Summary:

    Things get worse :D

Notes:

    I wanna include a beginning note but I don't know what to say lol

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“I'm just saying-” beep “-if Bruce ended up in trouble-” beep “that he'd probably-” beep “Ugh! I'm just gonna turn off that thing!” Jason scowled looking over at the Batcomputer.

 

Tim didn't stop him, as he had done before, he no longer cared about leaving Batman's stuff alone and just wanted for his ears to stop suffering. Each time a beep sounded he had to physically stop himself from running out of the cave.

 

“It's a-” beep “notification?” Jason squinted reading the words on the screen. “And something about-” beep “ numbers ?

 

Huh?

 

“Should I click it?” Jason asked, looking over at him. 

 

‘Hold on’ He signed wanting to see it for himself.

 

When he reached Jason he saw that it was, indeed, a notification. It read ‘!Alert! Code: 7-20-RED !Alert!’

 

Tim frowned. He hadn't been told how to deal with notifications or ‘Alerts’ with numbers attached. 

 

“Should I click it?” Jason asked again.

 

Tim squinted up at it one more time before giving a hesitant nod.

 

A video popped up taking over the whole screen. 

 

“Hello Batsy,” A voice greeted.

 

Tim froze. That voice-!

 

They brought the camera up to their face confirming Tim's fears. 

 

The Joker loomed over the camera with his horrifically wide smile. “I'm sure you missed me an awful lot, having to be in Gotham all by yourself.” The Joker's tone was full of mock sympathy which made Tim shudder. “Since it's been so long we should throw a party! And a party must have games! How about, hide and seek , but let's add a little twist to it.” The Joker flipped the camera around to reveal a man laying limply on the ground in a pool of blood. “I have your dear friend Jim Gordon here, and his time is running out.” He arm to show a timer on his wrist, “Once this timer reaches zero your dear Jim Gordon will explode like a piñata! Expect candy won't be flying everywhere instead it'll be-” 

 

The screen turned black, only a hand in the corner of his vision revealed it to a person's doing. 

 

Tim pulled his vision away from the screen. 

 

He was okay.

 

It was okay.

 

He had taken Barbara's dad and that wasn't good but at least he wasn't here .

 

Tim looked over at Bruce whose eyes were flickering over to them and then back to the computer screen before finally deciding to open his mouth. “How about we all go upstairs?” 

 

Tim didn't know what he thought of that. While the manor was safe, there were a lot of windows and doors…In the Batcave they were underground, hidden away, and someone could only enter by knowing the password.

 

“We- we can't leave-!” She yelled. 

 

Tim turned around, he hadn't even noticed Barbara had been there. 

 

She pointed her shaking finger up at the screen, “My- my dad-! We need to find Batman!” 

 

Bruce kneeled in front of Barbara, “I know and we will, but we need to calm down first. If we go into this too overly emotional we will make irrational decisions.”

 

“But we don't have time !” Barbara emphasized. “He's gonna- he’s gonna kill my Dad” Barbara broke out into a sob. 

 

Bruce wrapped an arm around her. 

 

“We’ll find your dad Barbara, I promise.” 

 

There was a loophole to Bruce’s promise but Tim didn't think he should mention it, instead.  but he didn’t say anything, instead choosing to go over and hug Barbara. 

 

She really loved her Dad and he hoped for her sake that they could find him. 

 

The rest of the day was pretty quiet. Bruce explained what happened, of course leaving some details out because Barbara was there but he thinks he understood what happened for the most part. 

 

Jason didn't sleep in his room that night. It wasn't something he had noticed until he was laying in bed alone in the pitch dark. 

 

Tim sat up and turned on the light. 

 

He couldn't sleep.

 

Not alone. 

 

Not after seeing him again. 

 

Tim peeked out of his bedroom.

 

It was pitch black. Well it was until he spotted a slight brightness at the end of the hallway, the longer he started the brighter it seemed to get. The light seemed to spread further down his hallway until he saw someone rounding the corner. 

 

Of course! 

 

It was a flashlight! 

 

Tim shrunk behind the door, nervous, but still wanting to see who it was. 

 

The red hair peeking out from under the hood was a dead give away. 

 

Why was Barbara up so late? 

 

And why did she have a backpack?
Notes:

    Yay okay so I randomly got sick while working on this but I honestly think it was kinda helpful(??) cause I had more time to work on it cause I was at home a whole lot. This was originally gonna come latter but combined with the fact I had no idea what to do with this chapter and the fact that I suddenly realized that I should probably start speeding up the plot if I wanna actually get thru this story I just ended up coming up with this.

    I think I did pretty okay(??) with the descriptions I was trying to work on it but also with me being sick and practically writing this all in two days I didn't really have time to go looking for words and stuff. Hope you liked the chapter tho <3

Chapter 42: Little Big Adventures
Summary:

    Barbara sets out on her journey to save her Dad

Notes:

    heh

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Barbara stood on her tiptoes undoing the latch to the window. Carefully she pushed the window upwards, exposing the room to the cold air from outside. 

 

She sat on the windowsill for a moment before pushing off, letting herself fall into the bushes below. She fell halfway through the bush before she finally came to a stop, she winced as she rubbed her back she could feel the new bruises that were already beginning to form. And if that wasn't enough the cuts from the thorns and sharp branches in the bush were. 

 

Of course though, she was still alive and that's what really mattered.

 

Making her way through the gates of the manor she pulled out a folded paper from her pants.

 

It was a map. One that she had printed earlier in the room with a lot of papers. On the map one building was circled labeled “Gotham Transit” the cheapest way she found to get to Blüdhaven was to ride a train out of Burnside. It was quite a walk but she had faith that she could do it.

 

Barbara smiled, once she reached Blüdhaven she'd swoop down as Batgirl, free her Dad, and get out of there before the Joker even realized what was happening. Her Dad would be so proud of her doing this all by herself and then they'd go home together and she'd surprise him with a party! She hadn't really gotten the party figured out but she knew it'd be great!

 

Burnside was much less chaotic than actual Gotham. The people there were somewhat decent to, not completely ignoring her but also not giving her enough attention to question why a child was out on the street this late. It was perfect! 

 

Barbara pulled the map out again squinting at it as she turned onto a side street.

 

“Hey kiddie didn' anyone tell ya that it's dangerous walking’ alone at night? If you go with me you'll be safer.” A gruff voice suggested.

 

Barbara hesitantly turned around, glancing up at the man before quickly turning back around and speeding up. 

 

She knew what trouble looked like and that guy was definitely it. 

 

“Where ya going Kiddie? I just wanna help. We wouldn' want something to happen to you now would we?” The man warned trailing behind her.

 

Barbara broke out into a run turning on streets she wasn't exactly sure she was supposed to go down. But the train didn't matter anymore.

 

She turned into an alleyway, dodging the homeless people and the trash cans, she continued to run until she saw it. A wall. 

 

No

 

She still had time, relax, he was still a ways away. She looked around, there had to be somewhere she could go! 

 

That's when she saw it. A window. 

 

She moved the trashcan over to the window and hopped on top of it. She could just reach the window. 

 

She pulled her stomach onto the windowsill but couldn't bring the rest of her body up. 

 

“ Come- on-” She said through clenched. She was almost there. 

 

One final leg kick and she fell off of the windowsill straight onto the wooden floor. 

 

“Oww,” She groaned, rubbing her nose. She was pretty sure it was broken, however she didn't have time to go over injuries because just as she sat up she heard the door of whatever building she was in rattle.

 

Had he found her already?

 

He couldn't have found her that fast, right?

 

She looked around the empty room frantically before her eyes fell on a pile of boxes in the corner. 

 

She ran over to them, unlatching them and crawling instead before she even got a proper look at the contents. 

 

The door swung open and Barbara held her breath. 

 

There was a step and another, and another. 

 

Were they getting louder?

 

Why were they getting louder?they getting louder? 

 

“Use this in an emergency” Her Father’s words came to her as she looked down at her bag.

 

She carefully took a breath before shakily grabbing and aiming a metallic object towards the top of the box.

 

The steps paused and she felt the box shift to the side a bit. The latch clicked, knocking against the side of the box as it opened. 

 

The lid opened, light spilling into the box.  

 

She shot. 

 

The sound echoed through the building for a moment both her and the man frozen locking eyes, before eventually he stumbled backward clutching the growing red spot from his chest. 

 

It took a moment for Barbara to process the opening when she did, she rushed towards the door.

 

She didn't have time to take into account the girl standing in the corner, or the damage she had caused the man. She just knew she had to get away. 

 

Just as she looked back to see if he was following her, she ran straight into a group of teenagers. One of them caught her before she fell down. 

 

“Hey kid you alright?” One asked. 

 

She shivered suddenly, finding speaking to be very hard.

 

The one squatted down in front of her, “It's alright kid, what's wrong?”

 

Barbara bit her lip, were they nice? Could she trust them?

 

“I- I,” She fidgeted with the rip in her pants, her hand brushed against a lump in her pocket, that was right! “My Dad!” She burst out, “I need to get to the train!” 

 

“Oh! The station’s just a couple miles that way,” The one bending down in front of her pointed. “We can take you if you like.” They smiled. 

 

Barbara shrunk back, suddenly wary of them, “No.” 

 

“Ah that's okay,” One of the people grabbed hold of the squatting teen’s arm, pulling him up. “Ow!” 

 

“Hold on kid just give us a second.” she smiled apologetically at her. “ We can't just leave her alone! ” The girl hissed, it seemed like she was supposed to be whispering but she wasn't exactly doing a very good job. 

 

"We can't just force her to trust us though! We're complete strangers!" One argued.

 

“So we should just leave her here?!”

 

“I didn’t say that!”

 

Unbeknownst to the teenagers who continued to argue who knew what was best for a child, the ‘child’ had already made the decision for them, wandering down the street into the darkness.
Notes:

    Ending's a little awkward but I can't find the motivation in me to change it. It was hard making the chapter this long but I'm glad I did it.

    Oh yeah and that little bit of Barbara shooting someone is totally gonna come back and haunt her

Chapter 43: What they don’t know can’t hurt them….right?
Summary:

    Tim's confused and Bruce is freaking out.

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Tim yawned, slightly opening his eyes only for them to immediately be burned by a bright white light. 

 

Tim reached to the side expecting to feel the cool surface of his nightstand, instead he felt something warm, and soft. Something his nightstand most definitely wasn't.

 

Maybe he had just not reached out far enough. 

 

Tim turned onto his side, reaching out again only to come into contact with the same texture. 

 

Tim cracked open his eyes, hoping to at least get a glimpse where his nightstand was. 

 

Instead of seeing the familiar layout of his room all he saw was a blur or different shades of brown and white. 

 

He knew he had brown and white in his room but he didn't remember it being this much. 

 

Tim sat up, this didn't feel like his bed either. Usually when he moves around the bed it would shift around under his weight. 

 

He took a risk, he stood up. Instead of tumbling down and losing his balance while the bed sunk down as if he was in quicksand, it remained perfectly still.

 

He took a step, arms outstretched in front of him. And then another and another until he eventually came into contact with a wall. He followed the wall until he felt the wooden frame of the door and reached for the doorknob. 

 

Thankfully outside the room it was much darker so Tim felt comfortable enough to open his eyes. 

 

Huh?

 

Was he...downstairs…? 

 

Why would he fall asleep downstairs? 

 

Was there something wrong with his bed? 

 

No, there shouldn’t be at least he remembered laying in bed for at least a couple hours before he saw-

 

Tim raced up the stairs, running down the halls not stopping until he reached the guest room. Not having time to knock he pushed open the door to find it almost completely empty. 

 

Some clothes and other items lay on the floor almost as if someone had thrown them there, it must've been recent to or else Alfred would’ve already cleaned it up. 

 

Tim chewed his lip, nervousness pooling in his stomach. 

 

She should’ve been back by now…

 

Maybe she was just stuck outside! 

 

Tim turned around and rushed back downstairs.

 

He had been afraid that’d happen, that’s why he had been waiting in that room in the first place. 

 

After he got over his initial shock of watching Barbara jump out the window and watched her make her way across the lawn and out the gate, he was hit with the realization that she probably won’t be able to get back inside once she came back. So like any good friend he decided that he’d wait for her to come back and then open the front door for her. 

 

He figured that she didn’t want anyone knowing she left which was why she took such extreme measures when leaving so it was probably better him opening the door for her rather than someone else like Alfred, who would most definitely alert Bruce. 

 

“I should've — attention!” 

 

“Not your fault —” A voice comforted. 

 

Tim slowed as the voices got louder, what were they talking about?

 

“I knew she —- I should've checked on her!” The deep voice argued. 

 

Tim pressed his ear against the door trying to hear better. He had a suspicion that he knew what they were talking about.

 

“But you couldn't have known she was going to run away.” The other voice reasoned.

 

Run away? 

 

Tim frowned.

 

They got it all wrong, Barbara wouldn't have run away.

 

She couldn't have. 

 

She was in a safe place with nice people and food! Why would she ever want to run away?

 

“Still-!” 

 

“What’s done is done, the best thing you can do now is to try and figure out where she went. The footage that shows her leaving is only from a few hours ago so she couldn't have moved too far from Gotham.” 

 

The door knob turned and Tim barely had enough time to get out of the way as the door creaked open. 

 

“Master Timothy?” Alfred paused, “Why are you awake so early?” 

 

“Tim?” Bruce peered out from around the corner, his hair messy and eyes weary. 

 

Was Barbara’s disappearance really causing them this much stress? 

 

Maybe their fears were well placed, what if Barbara had gotten lost or kidnapped?

 

Maybe it would be a good idea to tell Bruce that he had seen Barbara leave; it might be useful to them. 

 

It wasn’t like Bruce would get upset with him for not stopping Barbara from leaving. 



Bruce wouldn’t do that.




Right?

 

 
Notes:

    HEYYY so sorry if this isn't really idk a good chapter ig?? This week was weird for me and this originally wasn't even supposed to be a chapter so I basically had to stretch it out into one. Maybe it's just because I'm tired from the week idk

    Have a good day ya'll

Chapter 44: Skipping through the city
Summary:

    Barbara get help from someone when trying to locate her Dad

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Now arriving at…Blüdhaven station.” The robotic lady announced.

 

Barbara stood up swinging the backpack over her shoulders and grabbing the railing for support as the train shook for a moment as it pulled to a stop.

 

There was a ding as the doors opened and Barbara joined the small crowd pouring out of the train.

 

The station wasn't that busy but there were still people scattered around. Businessmen rushing to get to their next meeting, Parents who seemed almost if not completely dead inside as their children continued screaming as they waited for their train to arrive, Regular train go-ers who somehow expertly navigated the station without once looking up from their phone, even though there wasn't a lot of people it still felt a bit chaotic. 

 

As she made her way up towards the exit she felt herself grow nervous. While she could go around the station without anyone confronting her, she wasn't sure if she could get away with it out in the city. 

 

Gothamites were the definition of mind your own business, if it wasn't affecting them they ignored it. While there were places where the people were a bit more lenient to caring, it still was a core principle that most Gothamites possessed. 

 

Blüdhaven was not home to Gothamites, meaning that a little kid walking around on the street at two am would most certainly cause concern in any passerby’s head. 

 

Maybe since it was two am not many people would be out? Barbara tried to reason. Not exactly conceiving herself, she pulled up her hood trying to conceal her identity a bit better.

 

As she reached a crosswalk she pulled a crumpled lined piece of paper from her pocket. While in the Batcave she had traced where the video was sent from. The location was somewhere in Gotham, however her Dad wasn't in Gotham. According to his police tracking signal he was still in Blüdhaven when the video had been sent before ultimately going offline. 

 

So now that she knew he was in Blüdhaven all that was left was to actually figure out where in the city he was being held. In the video it looked like they were in a warehouse of some sort, except there weren’t many warehouses in Blüdhaven so it was probably an abandoned building.

 

The problem with that was abandoned buildings weren't exactly marked on the map, so she'd have to look for them herself.

 

Suddenly Barbara jerked backwards, stunned, she looked back to see what had happened. 

 

There was a kid behind her, probably not much older than herself, holding onto her hood. 

 

“Who are you ?” Barbara questioned, she didn't think any kids would be out at this hour. 

 

The kid huffed letting go of her hood, “Is that anyway to talk to someone who just saved your life?” 

 

Confused, Barbara looked back in front of her to see that she was one step away from the street. 

 

Barbara was quick to defend herself, it was two am after all you couldn't really blame her for not looking. “Well there's no cars around, it's too early.”

 

“ Too early?! ” The kid exclaimed, “Have you ever been in the city before!?” 

 

Now it was Barbara's turn to huff, “Of course I have, and I've been there long enough to know that kids shouldn't be wandering around late at night.” 

 

The kid crossed his arms, “Aren't you a kid too?” He pointed out. 

 

“W- well- I'm-” Barbara stutters trying to come up with a cover. The kid looked more suspicious by the second just as he opened his mouth she interpreted, “VISITING MY DAD!” 

 

The kid slowly nodded, “I get that, one of my homes had divorced parents.” 

 

“One of your homes?” Barbara questioned. 

 

“I'm a foster kid,” The kid pointed toward the crosswalk behind her, “Walk signal's on.” 

 

“Oh.”

 

As they walked across the street Barbara looked around. She should probably start looking for the abandoned buildings especially since she didn't even know if there were any by where Dad's last signal was. 

 

“Are you lost?” The kid asked, blue eyes looking at her scribbled map. 

 

Before she opened her mouth to say no she paused, this kid had probably been around the city hundreds of times. Barbara took a gamble, “Do you know any abandoned buildings in the area?”

 

The kid's eyes narrowed, “I thought you were visiting your Dad?” 

 

“I am!” Barbara injected, “But he likes…exploring and I was wondering if there was any place we could do that here.” 

 

“Exploring?” He echoed. 

 

Barbara nodded.

 

The kid crossed his arms, “Seriously? That’s the best you could come up with?” 

 

“Well-”

 

“It’s alright, I’ve tried to run away before too.” 

 

“Run…away..?” Barbara repeated. 

 

That actually was a good cover!

 

“Yeah it’s pretty obvious, you're a kid wandering around alone and you have a backpack. I might’ve actually bought your visiting Dad story if you hadn’t asked about an abandoned building.” The kid rambled. “I do know a place though, it’s a couple streets down.” 

 

“Can you mark it on here?” Barbara held out her scribbled map and a pencil.

 

“Yeah sure!” He said taking the pencil from her hand, “I’d take you myself but I have to go, if my New Mom finds me anywhere but inside the house she’ll ground me for life!” 

 

“Well thanks for your help…?” Barbara trailed off realizing he never got his name.

 

“Robin,” He filled in, "And it's not trouble at all," He flashed her a quick smile before turning and rushing down the street. 
Notes:

    Robin...hm.....

Chapter 45: Please don't break the only heart I have left
Summary:

    Barbara finds her father in a way she really hoped she didn't

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Barbara looked up at the building before her. The sun was just starting to peek out from beyond the horizon resulting in a warm light covering her surroundings.

 

This was it

 

The last building marked down on her map. 

 

Barbara took a breath, calming her nerves.

 

Alright, she was ready.

 

Barbara circled around the building, pausing at a rectangular shaped opening just above the garbage can. 

 

Barbara nodded, that'll do. 

 

Pulling herself through the opening she immediately realized that it was a vent.

 

It wasn't the worst thing to have to go through, the other building with its built-in sewer was still number one on that list but it might become a strong second. 

 

Vents were a pain to navigate and the loads of dust weren't really a plus either. But if she had to do it for her Dad, she would.

 

Every few seconds Barbara would come across a panel in the floor of the vent, letting her see the room below. The panel wasn't big enough to showcase the whole room but she could see most of the room so it wasn't completely useless. 

 

After a few minutes Barbara could feel herself slowing down.  

 

Empty room with boxes

 

Empty room with a chair

 

Empty room with a box

 

Empty room with a few boxes

 

Empty room with boxes

 

Empty room with a person tied to a chair

 

Empty room with….

 

Barbara doubled back. 

 

Wait, was that…?

 

Could it really be…? 

 

Hope bloomed in her chest as she stared down at the man below. 

 

It had to be him!

 

Without even thinking she began to unscrew the panel with a spare coin in her pocket. The vent jerked downward and Barbara realized her mistake, but it was too late, she was already hurling towards the floor. 

 

Barbara hit the ground with a thud and if the people in the building somehow weren’t alerted to her presence yet they definitely were when the vent clattered to the ground beside her. 

 

Barbara shot up looking over at the slumped man in the chair. 

 

“ Dad! ” She cried out throwing her arms around him. “I finally found you!” She buried her head into his shoulder. 

 

“ Oh Basty- ” The new voice paused. 

 

Barbara froze. 

 

It was the…

 

The… 

 

“ Now, now, what do we have here?” The Joker’s face creeped into a very, very wide smile. 

 

Barbara shuddered, no matter how much she wanted to run she had to stand her ground, for her Dad. 

 

“I…I’m Barbara Gordon and you don’t…scare me!” Barbara choked out, taking a step in front of her Dad. 

 

“ Oh? Barbara Gordon you say? You must be here for your Father.” The Joker spoke, seeming all too amused by the situation. 

 

She nodded. 

 

“Well I’m sorry to disappoint you, but the man you’re looking for isn’t here.” The man’s smile grew wider. 

 

“What…what do you mean?” She knew the man who sat limply in the chair was her Dad but something about The Joker’s attitude made her feel uneasy. 

 

“Well that man you’re holding onto was your Father but not anymore.” 

 

What was he getting at?

 

“Now he’s gone.” 

 

“Gone?” Barbara echoed. 

 

“He’s dead.” The Joker stated. 

 

“No! That’s not true!” She denied, tightening her balled fists. 

 

“But it is ,” The Joker insisted, “Haven’t you realized how cold his body is.” 

 

She reached out to her Dad, touching his arm before flinching back. 

 

His body was… No! 

 

“You’re…lying” She trembled, her own voice starting to feel unfamiliar. 

 

The Joker shrugged, “Believe what you want. But,” The Joker’s wide smile returned, “Since you’re here…how do you think dear old Batsy will respond to both his friend and friend’s daughter being murdered?”

 

Barbara took a step back, “ What? ”

 

“How about we find out?” The Joker pulled out a gun pointing it at her. 

 

Barbara stood there, eyes fixed on the gun. She was going to die.

 

Oh my god she was actually going to die. 

 

She tried to think of something to do, something that could save her! But nothing came to mind. 

 

Tears welled up in her eyes.

 

She didn’t want to die!

 

An object flew through the air knocking the gun from The Joker’s hand just before a dark figure jumped through a window.

 

Batman!

 

“Batsy, how nice of you to drop in.” 

 

Batman could save her! 

 

She reached out grasping onto the cape, in front of her. 
Notes:

    Sorry for the awkward ending but HEY 1 year anniversary!! I seriously cannot believe this has lasted this long and I seriously hope you all are enjoying it. I have been working on a little project in the background and I think now is finally a good time to post it, I really hope you all like it!

Chapter 46: Tears of Children
Summary:

    Emotional support: Dick Grayson...or well Dick Wayne?

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Dick looked down at the figure curled up in blankets. She had stayed there since she had gotten back. He watched as Bruce left his spot by her bed and closed the door behind him. Baby came out from the corner doing a motion with his hands before losing all his confidence once Barbara turned away and went out to follow Bruce.

 

“Go?” Dick asked, looking over at the boy beside him on the tall thing.

 

“What’s the point?” Red answered, staring down at his feet. 

 

“What?” Red always followed Baby. Why would he stop now?

 

“All I’m gonna be able to do is just watch him cry,” Red pulled his legs up to his chest, “I can’t even comfort him.” Red’s eyes started to become shiny. 

 

“Dream? Baby?” Dick suggested. 

 

“I could try but ever since I did the dream thing with Jason I’ve been feeling really weak. If I can barely do anything but just float around now, what will happen when I lose all my energy?” Red looked up at him, his eyes, oh his eyes . 

 

Dick pulled Red into his arms feeling a protective urge go through him.

 

“Okay, it’s okay,” He chirped, cradling Red as he curled into him. 

 

The blankets stirred and Dick felt a pair of eyes on him. The girl was very sad too, Dick didn’t want the girl to be sad either so he hopped down from the tall thing and sat down on the bed. 

 

Dick reached out with his free hand and scooped up the girl, blankets and all. The girl let out a surprised yelp as he pulled her into his chest. 

 

“It’s okay,” He comforted, adjusting his grip so he had a good hold on the blankets and Red. 

 

“What are you doing?” The girl asked, eyes still wide.

 

“Help,” Dick said, smiling. No need for her to be sad anymore! “Safe here,” He chirped. 

 

“I don’t want to be cuddled right now.” She snapped, freeing her arms from the blanket, she pushed herself away from him. 

 

No help? “Why?” 

 

“What do you mean why ? My Dad just died and it’s ALL MY FAULT!” She yelled, her shoulder shaking. Dick wasn’t sure if it was because she was from her being sad or mad.

 

“You not kill, man did.” He pointed out.

 

“Why does that matter? He's still dead because I wasn’t able to save him!” She argued. 

 

“No.” He disagreed. She never could have saved him.

 

“What do you mean ‘no’?! It’s true! I knew where he was and if I had just been faster and tried harder I would have been able to save him!”

 

“No,” Dick said, more firmly this time, “He. Dead. Before. You. There.” 

 

Good Dick, He praised himself, you said long sentence.

 

“Yeah but…” She trailed off, her eyes widening, “In the video, was he dead then?” 

 

Dick nodded, “No breath, no move, dead.” 

 

“Oh my- Oh my god ,” Her eyes became shiny like Red’s and Dick brought her back into his arms.

 

“ It okay, it all okay, ” 

 

“ No, I should’ve noticed.” She sobbed. 

 

“Not you not job.” 

 

“This wasn’t supposed to happen again.” Her voice broke and she began to cry even more. 

 

“Again?” Dick questioned, had the same thing happened before?

 

She nodded miserably, “Dad didn’t even know I remembered my parents. I couldn’t save them and couldn’t save him either. I- maybe I’m cursed.” 

 

“No,” Dick assured even though he had no idea what that word meant. 

 

“People keep dying around me, maybe it’s better that I’m going to be alone now.” 

 

“Not alone, stay here.” 

 

“Stay here?” She repeated.

 

“Yes,” Dick nodded. Baby liked the girl and Dick liked her too. If she stayed then Dick would be able to protect her!

 

“I don’t know, what about Bruce?” 

 

“If you want to stay here then I’m fine with it.” Dick turned and saw Bruce standing in the doorway holding some soup. 

 

“Really?” She asked.

 

“Yes, only if you want to though.” Bruce added placing the soup tray onto the bed. 

 

“I,” She hesitated, “I’ll think about it.” 

 

Bruce nodded, smiling, "Of course.” 
Notes:

    Hope this is a bit of a heartwarming chapter after I just killed off Barbara's Dad....yeah....sorry about that...

Chapter 47: Why Jason doesn't sleep:
Summary:

    Jason is once again out of the loop until Bruce tells him what's going on

Notes:

    Super creative name ik

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Timmy, come on, it's oatmeal,” Jason encouraged, “You like oatmeal, right?” 

 

Tim glumly picked up his spoon and began to slowly bring it up to his mouth. After one bite Tim placed his spoon back onto the table and stare down at the food in front of him making to move to continue the meal.  

 

Jason sighed at Tim’s response. Timmy had been like this since he had woken up. Well not exactly just like this, he had been crying when he had woken up but even when Jason had gotten him to stop, it hadn't changed his relatively gloomy attitude hadn't changed since then.

 

“Can you at least tell me what's wrong?” Jason asked not really knowing what to do anymore, he had used up all of his ‘comforting words for when you had no idea what the problem was’ and was now sounding like a broken record and Jason knew how annoying that could be. 

 

Tim made no acknowledgement whatsoever and continued to blankly stare at his oatmeal. 

 

Out of ideas Jason suggested they go find Dick and Barbara. That got Tim's attention. He looked up at Jason with such fear and pleading in his eyes you'd think Jason was holding a gun to his head.

 

“Okay okay,” Jason raised his hands in surrender, “We won't go find them.”

 

Tim relaxed his gaze but continued to look up at Jason. 

 

 Jason rubbed the back of his neck uncomfortably. “Is there something you want to do?” 

 

Tim looked like he was going to say something before his gaze suddenly flicked to the floor. 

 

“Do you boys know where Alfred put the soup?” Bruce asked, entering the dining room.

 

Jason lazily turned to face Bruce. You’d think that after years of living here Bruce would actually know where things were but he guessed having a butler to do everything for you had its weaknesses, “Did you try the kitchen?” 

 

Bruce nodded, pinching the bridge of his nose, “I’ve checked it like five times.” It was then that Jason became aware of the dark circles under his eyes. Did anyone (except him) sleep last night?

 

“Have you checked the pantry? It's usually in there.” Jason suggested. 

 

Bruce blinked, “The what?” 

 

“You're joking. The little room in the kitchen? The one with all the cans?” 

 

Bruce didn't give any signs of recognition.

 

Jason hopped down from his chair, “I'll be right back Timmy, just needa show this idiot where his pantry is.”

 

Tim gave a slight nod which honestly could've just been his eyes playing tricks on him but Jason counted it nonetheless.

 

Entering the kitchen Jason pointed to a closed door in the corner, “Check in there.” 

 

Bruce listened, opening the door, “Oh.” Bruce looked over at him apologetically, “Thanks Jason I'm not that familiar with the kitchen.” Bruce placed the can of soup on the counter before grabbing a pot from below the stove. 

 

“Hold on, you're not going to cook that right?” If Jason remembered correctly Bruce had been banned from the kitchen. 

 

“Alfred said I could.” Bruce countered.

 

“And he didn't tell you where the soup was?” Jason crossed his arms, suspicious .

 

“He was busy.” Bruce shrugged, trying to play it casual. 

 

“Oh my god you're using your manipulation tactics on me!” Jason pointed at him accusingly. 

 

Bruce looked away, keeping his eyes on the soup.

 

“I can't believe you'd try to manipulate your own son.” Jason faked a look of shock and betrayal. “I've never felt so betrayed. I guess my only choice is to go to the real parent in my life, Alfred.”

 

Bruce let out a tired sigh, “At least wait until I'm done.” Bruce turned the knob almost all the way to the left

 

“Woah, woah woah!” Jason pushed Bruce away from the stove so he could dim down the flames. “What are you tryna do?! Burn the house down?!”

 

Bruce avoided his gaze. 

 

“If this soup really is that important to you can't you just get Alfred to make it? Isn't that kinda like his job?” Jason usually didn't like piling work onto Alfred but when it came to the kitchen, it was way better in Alfred's hands than a walking fire hazard’s. 

 

“Alfred's busy comforting Barbara. She hasn't eaten yet so I thought I would make her what Alfred always made me whenever I missed my parents.” 

 

Oh. Well that was a surprisingly wholesome reason to almost BURN DOWN THE KITCHEN! 

 

Jason sighed, grabbing a spoon from one of the drawers and mixing the pot. As annoying as this whole situation was, it did remind him of something. “Are you gonna go out to rescue him after this?” 

 

“Rescue who?” Bruce looked over at his confusion written on his face.

 

“Barbara's Dad.” There was no way Bruce had forgotten that easily.

 

Bruce paled, “Jason you do know that Gordon is dead right?” 

 

The spoon dropped into the pot with a clank, “WHAT?!”
Notes:

    I'm kinda proud I finished this chapter because not only was I sick but I also had finals and I still ended up finishing it if that's not an accomplishment Idk what is

Chapter 48: Hug me I'm scared
Summary:

    Tim uh not gonna spoil it

Notes:

    I TRIED GUYS I REALLY DID

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“Tim...?” The boy called out tears in his eyes. 

 

Tim stared blankly at the broken boy in front of him. That…that wasn’t right….the boy in front of him wasn’t the older Jason he knew. 

 

No.

 

It was his Jason. 

 

“Oh Junior, I was wondering when you’d show up.” Tim’s blood ran cold. 

 

That. That voice. 

 

Tim stood in place, not even daring to turn his head as a tall lanky figure made its way around him. 

 

An object in Mr Joker's hand caught Tim's eye, it shone in the light, glimmered even. Was it…metal?

 

The object was brought over Mr Joker's head before slamming down into- 

 

A scream erupted from Jason and all the nervousness Tim had was replaced with pure terror.

 

“You see Junior, this is what happens when you make friends. Because of your mistake Jason is facing the consequences.” Mr Joker raised the crowbar again. 

 

Unable to look away, Tim watched as the crowbar dug into his skull, this time leaving a gushing trail of blood in its place. Jason hadn't stopped screaming since the first hit leaving Tim to believe that Mr Joker had broken his skull.

 

If they didn't take care of that soon-  

 

Mr Joker raised the crowbar again as if he had known what Tim was thinking about.

 

“Please…please don’t…kill him.” He begged, his voice trembling from months of underuse.

 

Mr Joker whirled around to face him, his smile had almost completely gone. “What did you say Junior?” 

 

Come on Tim stand your ground

 

Tim balled up his shaking hands in an effort to become more confident, “I- I said don't kill him.” 

 

Mr Joker let his arm drop back to his side, “Junior,” He warned, “Did I give you permission to speak?” 

 

Tim opened his mouth to respond but found that no words came out. 

 

“No, right Junior?” Mr Joker took a step towards him. “So what makes you think you have the right to speak?” 

 

Tim trembled watching as the crowbar inched closer and closer to him. 

 

“So?” He shot, “Where'd all the confidence that you just had a few seconds ago, go?” 

 

Tim screamed at his body to move, to run, to escape but the it remained completely frozen because it wasn't Tim Wayne who was controlling the body, but instead in a child who had been raised to live off being abused, a child who was referred to as Joker Junior. 



Tim was in a dark room.

 

Tim his legs up to his chest. It was dark so dark. He was on a bed. The white sheets mocked him as he shivered.

 

He didn't want to be here. He wanted to go back- he wanted to go- 

 

“Timmy?”A voice next to him questioned. 

 

It was Jason. The other Jason, not the small one. 

 

If Jason was here then , Tim turned and spotted his glasses and camera on his nightstand. 

 

Tim let out a breath he didn't know he was holding in. 

 

He was home.

 

“You okay?” Jason asked, a concerned look on his face.

 

Tim chewed his lower lip, was he okay? He certainly didn't feel okay but he didn't see any injuries on himself either. 

 

Jason sat up next to him, “Did you have a nightmare?” 

 

A…nightmare?

 

Tim raised his trembling hands ( why were they still shaking?) and signed the sign for ‘what’

 

“It's a scary dream.” Jason explained.

 

Tim nodded, hoping that Jason wouldnt ask about it. He really didn't want to think about it.

 

Jason nodded back, understanding, “I hate nightmares.” 

 

They stared at each other in silence. 

 

“So- do you want to hug or something-?” Jason suggested, Tim could see Jason was really trying his best and so, wanting to help him out, he nodded. 

 

Jason awkwardly encasing him in his arms and pulling him into his chest. “This okay?” 

 

Tim nodded, even though it was a bit uncomfortable it was comforting to be close to someone like this.
Notes:

    Guys....I'm sorry this is like a week late and it's not even that long. I've been recently have serious motivation problems and have been having a hard time really coming up with ideas on how to go from here- Well that's a lie I know the next section I want to do but I have to finish Barbara's grieving because it wouldn't make sense to do it while she is. I just don't want to make this feel rushed because the accusation of Tim was so rushed and I really regret doing that.

    I'm going to try to do my best next week with the chapter but with my lack or motivation combined with my medical issues I'm facing right now I may not have a chapter out....Happy thanksgiving y'all if I don't post

Chapter 49: Friends or Family
Summary:

    Bruce and his friend talk about an upcoming event

Notes:

    Important posting schedule news at the end !

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Leaning back in the chair he glanced up at the clock on the wall beside him. Quarter to eleven. He still had enough time to keep talking before Alfred called him down for lunch.

 

“We all had thought we were collectively hallucinating when it finally worked!” The man on the other side of the telephone laughed. 

 

Bruce smiled, “That sounds like quite the experience Victor. I couldn't imagine staring at chemicals continuously for four days.” Actually he could imagine it because it was exactly what he had done a few nights ago when he was trying to figure out what toxins the new rogue was using and he could definitely confirm it wasn't a pleasant experience. 

 

“Oh don't give me too much credit Bruce, it was my scientists who stayed in there the longest and found the breakthrough. I was just the lucky one who happened to come across the correct solution.” 

 

Victor had always been a bit of fresh air for Bruce in the corporate world, rather than take credit for all his work he'd share the credit with anyone who had worked on the project. A part of Bruce wondered how long it would take for him to become corrupted by the rest of the CEO’s around him.

 

Victor cleared his throat, “Also, Bruce, I'm holding an event on Saturday to celebrate the breakthrough you know, and I was wondering if you'd like to come?” 

 

“Victor-” Bruce started but was quickly cut off by Victor.

 

“I know I know! You're busy, but before you say no, it's only going to be a few hours and think of it less of an event and more of a business opportunity.”

 

Bruce blanked, “You want to open your shares to me?” Even with the Brucie persona on he couldn't hide his confusion. 

 

Victor owned a Pharmaceutical company which had seemingly sprouted up out of nowhere after he had successfully managed to develop a vaccine to one of the many Joker venoms. Without much competition and a large demand, he quickly rose to millionaire status. 

 

Bruce would be a complete fool if he passed up this opportunity.

 

“I know you're technically not a medicine related company but I need to get investors and I don't feel comfortable opening my stocks up for just about anyone.” Victor explained.

 

Bruce hesitated, would now really be a good time to leave Barbara? “Victor, I'm just-”

 

“Just think about it!” Victor insisted before he hung up.

 

Bruce sighed, placing the phone back onto his desk. Even if he did think about it he wasn't sure if his answer would even change. Bruce opened the door to his study, planning to go downstairs to get his coffee before he paused looking down at the child in front of him.

 

“Barbara?” Bruce asked. Why was she outside of his door? Did she need something?

 

“You're not going because of me right?” Barbara asked.

 

“Going?” Bruce echoed before realizing she was talking about the event he had been talking about with Victor. “You were listening in on me?” 

 

Barbara averted her gaze to the painting on the wall. 

 

Bruce sighed and crouched down to her level, he didn't mean to make her feel nervous, “I'm not mad at you but you shouldn't eavesdrop on people's conversations in the future, it's rude.” 

 

Barbara nodded. “It is because of me though, right?”

 

Bruce didn't answer. How could he? If he denied it she'd realize he was lying and if he said it was true he'd break her heart.

 

“You don't have to stay home anymore, I'm better now.”

 

Bruce placed a hand on her shoulder, “I know you're doing better and don't get me wrong I'm proud of you, but I don't think now is the right time for me to go back to work.”

 

“You still should go to the event.” Barbara said, her voice quieter this time.

 

“Barbara, why are you so insistent on me going to this event?” Bruce inquired, “I can't remember you having so much of an interest in parties before this.” 

 

“I don't,” Barbara confirmed, “But I want to help Dick out.” 

 

“Dick?” Bruce questioned. 

 

“Yeah he hasn't been introduced yet. I thought that maybe since this event was only a few hours it'd be less stressful for Dick to go.” Barbara explained. 

 

Bruce nodded, taking in what she had just said. “It's true that the timeframe for this event would probably be the best for Dick but since it's less of a party and more business related I don't believe it'd be the best for Dick to debut at.” Barbara's face fell, “I appreciate you trying to help Barbara but it's not your responsibility to deal with these issues. We could always just hold a party here for Dick's debut anyway.” 

 

Barbara nodded but still was looking a bit downcast. 

 

“Say, I have a few extra hours before I have to get back to work. Why don't we do something together?” Bruce proposed. 

 

Barbara's eyes brightened just a bit, “Anything?” 

 

“Sure, I don't really care what we do.” He shrugged. 

 

Barbara grabbed hold of his wrist and began to drag him down the hallways, “Come on!”
Notes:

    Okay honestly I think I'm going to be changing my uploading schedule to every other Friday instead of EVERY Friday. When you have to come up with an idea and make it understandable and fun every week it just takes a lot out of you. Maybe I was able to do it in the past but looking back on it, it did lead to some pretty sloppy chapters that weren't really ready to be posted. I've also been trying to make the stories more descriptive and have been experimenting with my writing style, having more time COULD keyword COULD result in longer chapters.

    I really hope you guys enjoyed just know that if I hadn't had two weeks to come up with this chapter it probably would be something completely different.

Chapter 50: Realizations and stupid ideas
Summary:

    Barbara realizes something and Bruce speaks with Alfred

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Barbara led Bruce over into her room. “Wait here” she said before entering her room and closing the door behind her. 

 

Immediately she made a beeline for her backpack. She dug her hand as far as she could into the backpack, not wanting to have to deal with cleaning a mess later. She paused when she felt her hand brush up against a large smooth object. Curious, she pulled it out of the backpack. 

 

It was a….trash bag…? She didn't remember packing a trash bag.

 

Untying the knot she opened the back revealing bright purple fabric. 

 

it looked like… 

 

She turned the outfit around revealing the Bat symbol on the front. It had all the other details of the Batman suit Batman wore too, except it was all in purple.

 

Barbara knew no one sold anything like this, not this high quality, not in complete purple .

 

The only person Barbara could think of that could've made this was her Dad. 

 

Her Dad was by no means a professional sew-er but he knew how things worked enough to have the end product both usable and clean looking. 

 

Barbara felt her eyes well with tears. 

 

Her Dad had always tried so hard to make her happy

 

She should’ve saved-

 

No

 

Batman should've saved him. Not only was it his job but he was friends with her Dad. Her Dad had talked and worked with Batman before, her Dad trusted Batman. 

 

And yet….the world's greatest detective was too late ?

 

He had never been too late before, so why was the one and only time he was late was when saving her Dad? 

 

“Barbara?” Bruce called her name from the other side of the door, “Are you alright in there?” 

 

That's right, she was supposed to be playing with Bruce.

 

Barbara took a deep breath before she spoke trying to mask the fact she had been crying “I'm- I'm fine. I don't think I want to play anymore. I'm pretty tired.”

 

She knew that would only make Bruce more worried for her but it was better than opening the door and bursting out crying, then Bruce really wouldn't believe she was getting better.

 

“Are you sure?” He asked softly. 

 

“Uh-huh”

 

“Well if you want to play later just let me know.” After a moment Barbara heard his footsteps moving away from the door. 

 

She stood up, still clutching the costume in her hands and moved over to the laptop on her desk. 

 

If Batman hasn't saved her Dad, who else also might he not save? Was it really okay for them to just continue to solely rely on him?

 

Barbara looked down at the costume in her hands. 

 

Barbara had an idea.



 

 

“Master Bruce, if you want to speak with me about something I would rather you just come out and say it. Instead of having you not-so-secretly side-eye me from across the room.” Alfred spoke with a firm tone but there was a bit of softness in his eyes. Alfred was worried. 

 

Bruce put down his fork, it wasn't like he was really eating anything so there was no point in holding it. “Alfred, do you think Barbara's getting better?”

 

Alfred could've sassed him, he really could’ve. But instead Alfred pulled out a chair and sat beside him. 

 

Bruce hadn't taken his parents death well at all, he had slipped into a catatonic state, not eating, not sleeping, not doing anything . While Bruce was glad Barbara wasn't responding the same way it didn't make him any less concerned that Barbara seemed to be pretending to be okay.

 

“Barbara told me that she was getting better but then when we were going to play a game she locked the door and I heard her start crying, when I asked if she was okay and she said that she was fine. I just- ”

 

Alfred placed his hand on Bruce's hand, “I know you want to help but if Miss Barbara doesn't want to open up to you then maybe the best you can do is just be there for her.”

 

“Are you sure-?” Bruce hesitated, “I mean maybe I just need to reach out to her and she'll see I'm trying to help.”

 

“Master Bruce, I'm sure she knows you're trying to help already.” Alfred reassured. 

 

Unfortunately, Bruce wasn't listening. 

 

“If she does reach out, how am I even supposed to comfort her?” Bruce wondered aloud, Bruce wasn't that good at comforting to begin with if only he could prepare beforehand… “Oh! That's right! She's gotten close to Dick recently, surely she's spoken with him about this stuff!”

 

“Master Bruce!” Alfred hissed, “Whatever Barbara spoke to Dick about was for his ears only. If I hear anything from Master Dick about you poking your nose into places it doesn't belong, believe me it's not just going to be your sense of integrity that you're not going to find.” 

 

“Yes.” Was the only response Bruce could find himself to form as Alfred drilled holes into his soul. 

 

Oops
Notes:

    To think this chapter was supposed to be Bruce and Barbara playing a game of superheros and then it somehow transformed into this mess...haha oops

    I'm not gonna be posting Christmas week so I hope ya'll have a great Christmas (if you celebrate) Or if you celebrate another holiday I hope you have a happy whatever holiday it is or if you don't celebrate anything I wish you a good winter and a good new year!

Chapter 51: To fly the....flock?
Summary:

    Basically just Barbara escaping but sets up some future chapters

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Barbara squinted down at the grassy floor outside her bedroom window.

 

Was that really only a thirty foot drop? 

 

The internet told her she could survive a thirty foot drop but it mentioned nothing about injuries she's recieve. 

 

Barbara deemed it not worth it and took a step back from the window.

 

There were other windows after all, just because this one was the most convenient doesn't mean it's the best option.

 

Barbara opened her door a crack and peered outside. There was no one in the hallway and since she was the only one with a room on this floor that meant she wouldn't run into anyone else.

 

Unless of course they were going to one of the other twenty room's next to her's. 

 

Barbara sighed exiting her room and sneaking down the hallway.

 

 Why'd Bruce have to have such a big house anyway? It made it almost impossible to tell where anyone was. 

 

Maybe if she ran into someone she could duck  into another room to hide. That could work for a while, but that all depends on if she could manage to keep herself from getting caught. 

 

Thankfully she made it to the study without being caught. At least there were bushes to break her fall at this window.

 

Barbara grabbed the handle. 

 

Huh…? 

 

Why wasn't it turning?

 

Was it locked?? But she had just been here a moment before and it had been unlocked!

 

Drat!

 

She knew one more place but it was more risky since it was on the bottom floor. 

 

Creak

 

Barbara froze. 

 

That noise came from behind her. 

 

They must've seen…

 

Darn it! Why hadn't she been looking behind herself?! 

 

How was she supposed to even explain herself?! She was sneaking around the house in a superhero costume, what if they mistook her for a villain?! 

 

No, let's not overthink it. First let's see who saw you.

 

Barbara slowly turned around hoping to see someone easy to fool, someone like Tim, instead, she saw no one. 

 

Did she mishear? 

 

No, she definitely heard a creak. 

 

Maybe it was just the house? 

 

She read somewhere that houses just creak randomly sometimes so maybe that was it?

 

Whatever it was, Barbara couldn't be bothered to stick around and hurried to the last set of stairs. 

 

As soon as she made it down the stairs she heard voices. 

 

“Alfred,” Bruce whined and Barbara ducked into a room as the voice got louder, “I swear I wasn't going to do anything.” 

 

“Master Bruce, unfortunately I'm too busy to listen to your excuses.” 

 

Alfred seemed upset…maybe this wasn't the best day to do this on . 

 

She'd hate to get in trouble with an angry Alfred. 

 

No, she's made it this far! She can't turn back now!

 

She heard a sigh and just as she thought it was over she heard Bruce's voice again.

 

“How am I supposed to —----- always shuts down — ideas…” He mumbled, Hold on, was he getting…? , “Just because he —- doesn't mean he gets to —---- can't do.” 

 

He was getting louder! 

 

Why was he coming here?!

 

Barbara frantically looked around and her eyes, having finally adjusted to the dark, recognized the place as BRUCE'S study. 

 

Why was this room the one she had to hide in!? 

 

There weren't even any hiding places! 

 

The grandfather clock caught Barbara's eye. 

 

Unless…

 

What were the numbers Barbara had seen on the clock before? 

 

Ten… . what was it? She knew it was forty something…

 

The door knob clicked. 

 

FORTY SEVEN! 

 

Barbara turned the clock hands and dashed through the opening pressing herself against the wall. She didn't have enough time to run down the stairs or she'd be caught for sure. 

 

It was silent.

 

Did he leave? No, why would he just open the door and then leave?

 

Then she heard it, a soft tap of a shoe on a wooden floor board. 

 

He was onto her.

 

Barbara couldn't hear the tap of the shoe anymore, not after the loud thumping in her eardrums started. 

 

“Bruce?” Jason called out. There was no response but at least there was no tapping of the shoes either. “Bruce!!” 

 

“What is it Jason?” Even though Bruce had a calm voice it almost sounded like he said it through clenched teeth. 

 

“There's this man at the door who won't LEAVE! And he keeps ask’n for ya!”

 

“I'll be there in a second!” Bruce yelled back, closing the secret door and Barbara let out a sigh of relief.

 

Making her way down the stairs she could help but think of the man at the door, who had inadvertently saved her from being caught.

 

The man knew the address but wasn't known by Alfred (who had probably answered the door) so he hadn't been invited inside… was he a reporter then?

 

Why would a reporter be visiting Bruce? 

 

Of course she understood Bruce's popularity but it wasn't like reporters were just knocking on his door all the time, so why now?

 

Had some of her old theories about Bruce resurfaced? She really hoped on, especially since one was true. But adults had always brushed away her theories so maybe she was just overthinking it. 

 

It could just be a friend of Bruce and no one recognized him. That seemed a bit more likely than a reporter just walking up to Bruce's house and ringing the doorbell. 

 

Barbara hopped down the last stair finally reaching the Batcave. 

 

Since she was already down here maybe it wouldn't hurt to grab some supplies. 
Notes:

    Okay so ik it's boring and it originally wasn't supposed to be this boring but I decided to try and be more descriptive when she was escaping cause I was trying to make the chapter longer for all u lovely people but I ended up being TOO descriptive and didn't get to the part I was supposed to and if I continued writing, which I really could've, this chapter was gonna be like a mile long and I didn't wanna start in an awkward spot when it came time for me to post. So I just decided to save it for next chapter.

    Happy new years tho everyone! 2025! I genuinely cannot believe this story has lasted as long as it has and let alone ever dream of it being MORE THAN 50 CHAPTERS LONG!!

    Seriously tho thank you all for reading my silly little story <3333

Chapter 52: I want to run as fast as I can
Summary:

    Bruce gets a surprise visitor and Barbara realizes maybe the vigilante life isn't for her

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It was probably nothing , Bruce reasoned as he made his way over to the door. He knew that the kidd had used the cave for a game of hide and seek before so it wasn't a far stretch to come to the conclusion that they had done it again. 

 

However, there was still a bit of unease that Bruce couldn't quite shake about the whole situation.

 

As Bruce approached the front door he glanced over at Jason, raising an eyebrow at him. Jason shrugged tilting his head towards the door as if to say ‘See for yourself’. 

 

Intrigued, Bruce looked through the eye hole and almost immediately stumbled backwards because that wasn't just some nosy reporter at his door, no, it was worse. 

 

Bruce shakily took a breath hoping to calm his heart rate before the alien could sense the spike.

 

What was he even doing here? Shouldn't he be busy in Metropolis? Superman knew how protective Batman was of Gotham. Did he think he was safe coming here during the day?

 

A knock at the door interrupted his train of thought.

 

Bruce sighed combing back his hair before swiftly turning the knob and finally greeting the younger man. 

 

At the sight of him the man's face lit up. “Hi!” He enthusiastically shoved his hand out in front of Bruce leaving Bruce the only choice of awkwardly taking the hand,  “I'm Clark Kent, a journalist from the Daily Planet. We're doing an article on Batman and I was wondering if I could get your statement on a few things?”

 

“Of course!” Bruce chirped, retaliating against Kent’s bone crunching grip by strengthening his own. “I’d love to be featured in the Daily Planet.”

 

Kent didn't even seem to realize what he was doing, still grinning ear to ear, “Wonderful!”

 

“Why don't you come inside,” and please let go of my hand, “It's quite cold in Gotham at this time of year.” 

 

Kent smiled accepting the offer so graciously that you wouldn't even suspect that his tolerance for the cold was beyond the amount of any normal human’s. 

 

As Bruce led Kent over to the parlour, Jason tugged on his sleeve getting his attention. 

 

“You're inviting him inside?” Jason whispered, “But he's a reporter.” 

 

“Now Jason, I've never seen you worried about someone I invited in before. What's gotten into you?” Despite his peppy tone there was an underlying message of ‘Just trust me’ that he hoped Jason would get. He couldn't exactly comfort him while there was someone with super hearing in the room. 

 

Jason looked confused for a moment before grabbing hold of Tim's wrist and hesitantly nodding, “I've just been feeling a bit sick is all…we'll be in our room.” Jason turned and raced up the stairs dragging Tim along with him. 

 

It was probably for the best, he didn't mean to doubt Jason but he didn't know how long he'd be able to hold the rich kid persona. For all he knew this could end up lasting hours. 

 

“Well he seems like a good kid,” Kent offered. 

 

Bruce nodded, opening the door to the parlour, “That he is.” Bruce agreed.

 

Bruce took a seat on one of the couches and Kent chose the one across from him.

 

“Now, Mr Kent before we start, if you don't mind me asking, why exactly are you asking me questions about Batman?” Bruce asked genuinely curious, “While I do know I'm a prominent figure in Gotham, I'm not really known for speaking about Batman. I'm sure you could find others who are way more qualified to speak on these subjects.” 

 

“Ah well you see,” Kent scratched the back of his neck, “I figured since you were one of Batman's sponsors you would probably know a lot about him.”

 

“Batman's sponsors?” Bruce repeated blankly. 

 

Kent held up his hands as if he was worried that he would scare Bruce off. “Well I mean there's no way you didn't expect the news company to not realize that Batman was using materials that would cost millions of dollars. And Batman probably wouldn't be able to afford it all himself so it's pretty reasonable to come to the conclusion that he has sponsors.”

 

“Haha! That's a pretty interesting conclusion you came to,” why does everyone also come to conclusions that include him?! “I can't confirm or deny your theory but I can still answer your questions.”

 

Kent let out a sigh of relief. “That's all I wanted, Mr Wayne.”

 

“So what's your first question?” Bruce asked, eager to get the alien out of his house.

 

Kent took out a clipboard that seemingly appeared out of nowhere. Journalist….always ready for a story. “First question is easy, just give me a brief description of what Batman does and how you feel about him.” 

 

Easy? Maybe for you to say. One too strong opinion and Bruce could lose investors left and right. “Well, Batman is a vigilante who does what the police of this city cannot, he brings the criminals to justice and puts them behind bars.” 

 

“You said he does what the police cannot but shouldn't the police also be putting criminals behind bars?” Kent cut in. 

 

Bruce scoffed, “They should be doing that but the police in this city are so corrupt that they aren't even doing their jobs.”

 

Kent hummed and then wrote something down, “So I take it that you support Batman?” 

 

Bruce hesitated, “I’m…neutral towards Batman. In theory the idea of someone going out and doing the police’s job because they won't do it sounds good. However, giving all that power and faith to just one person gives them a chance to abuse it. So I believe you can understand why I'm hesitant to support him.”

 

Kent nodded, “Do you think that if Batman had a partner that it would fix-” 

 

Bruce didn't even recognize his own as he blurted out “No.” 

 

“Oh,” was Kent's only response as he slumped his shoulders and wrote something else down.

 

There was a creak and Kent looked up towards the noise while Bruce just kept his eyes forward. “Did you hear that?” Kent questioned. 

 

“Hear what?” Bruce smiled.  Of course Jason was going off to eavesdrop on them. He should've suspected it when he left so quickly. Bruce was going to have to have a long talk with Jason after this about politeness.

 

“Nevermind,” Kent shook his head but occasionally kept looking towards the place where the creak had been heard.

 

 

 

 “Hi!” Barbara greeted. 

 

The kid next to her screamed. 

 

“Shhh!!” Barbara held a finger up to her lips. “I'm here to help.” 

 

The kid squinted at her warily, “You're not Batman, why should I trust you.” 

 

“No I'm not but I am Batgirl!”

 

“So what?” The kid challenged. 

 

Barbara sighed, “And I work with Batman.” She monotoned. 

 

The kid's eyes lit up, “Really?” 

 

“Yes.” While she had expected to be in Batman's shadow she hadn't expected to be reminded how trusted Batman was, constantly .

 

If they had lost their Father because Batman had been too late would they still trust him? 

 

“Alright then,” the kid composed himself, grabbing Barbara's hand.

 

“Hey! Where do ya think yur goin’?!” A man shouted. 

 

“Quick!” Barbara picked up the kid and jumped out the window. Thankfully this was only the second story so it was nothing like jumping out of the manor. Still, it did hurt a bit.

 

There was a gunshot and Barbara scrambled out of the way under the cover of a garbage can. “Useless f*ckin’ childs!” The man shouted and there were a few more more shots before Barbara heard another voice.

 

“Zach, come on, it ain't worth it. We can just get another one.” 

 

Zach scoffed but it seemed to have worked because the gunshots stopped.

 

There was a whistle and Barbara turned to see a girl coming out from her hiding spot behind another garbage can. 

 

“Good job dealin’ wih Mr Windcheaster, though I do gotta warn ya, they will just get another one” The girl reached out towards the kid in her arms, “I'll take dis one for ya.”

 

Barbara clutched the kid tighter, “How do I know if I can-” 

 

“Jess!” The kid squealed, wiggling himself out of Barbara's arms. 

 

“You know him?” Barbara asked, a bit surprised. 

 

“Course I do, I know all the street kids.” ‘Jess’ shrugged, “You get hit back there Jerry?” 

 

Jerry shook his head, “Nope! Mister Batman’s sidekick Battygirl saved me.” 

 

Jess snorted, “Course now that Batman has a minion he decides to deal with the low level crime stuff.” 

 

“I'm not a minion, I don't even-” 

 

Jess shooed her away with a hand, “Yeah yeah, thanks for the help but tell the big man that I have it handled.” 

 

“Have it handled?! The kid wasn't seconds away from being shot.” Barbara argued. 

 

“Puh-lease, Windcheaster never kills merchandise and I don't need to be justifying myself to a kid.” Jess scoffed.

 

Barbara felt her face turn red, a combination of embarrassment and anger, “Aren't you a kid too?! You shouldn't even be out there curfew!” 

 

Jess rolled her eyes, “I'm not five, ya've really gotta be have a stick up your a** to follow that rule.” 

 

Never once had Barbara ever wanted to be someone else more than right now. “W- well,” Her voice quivered, not feeling as confident as she did before she turned away, “have fun dealing with the crazy man.” 

 

“Sh*t kid I didn't mean-” Jess tried but it was too late Barbara had already bolted off in the opposite direction. 

 

What was she even doing?  

 

There was no way she could do a better job than Batman. 

 

Barbara sniffled, taking out her phone from her bag. She knew she should probably call Bruce and just tell him what happened but there was a part of her that was ashamed she even did something this impulsive. 

 

A hard cold object pressed against her head, she froze. “Hey kid, empty your bag.” 
Notes:

    WOOOO early posting
    WOOO long chapter
    WOOO I'm sick....actually not woo

    I'M SICK SO IF THERE'S ANY LIKE MISPELLS OR IT SEEMS AWKWARD THATS WHY

Chapter 53: Talons are the glue that hold you together
Summary:

    Barbara learns that Dick isn't exactly human

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Hey kid,” Barbara froze mid-step, she could recognize the intent of a robbery almost a mile away. She didn’t have much time so she had to work fast. He didn’t sound that far so maybe she could try to sweep* him but she wasn’t sure if he had a gun or not. There was a click and a hard cold object was pressed against her head. Well, question answered. “Empty your bag.” He said, voice trying to be firm, however she could still recognize a faint tremble in his tone.

 

 The man was probably used to getting more of an immediate response from victims and had never needed to use the gun. 

 

Since the man felt uneasy with the gun, he was probably starting to sweat which would make his grip on the weapon not as strong. If she moved fast enough maybe she could knock the gun out of his hand or better yet grab it for herself. 

 

Barbara shifted her stance into a more comfortable one where she wasn’t standing on JUST ONE FOOT, however the man must’ve been blind because he saw her movement as a threat. “Hey!” He barked, “Don’t move or I’ll shoot!” 

 

Does he have an inferiority complex or something? What did he think a little ten year old girl was gonna do against him?

 

Hand gripped her shoulder, oops did she say that out loud? “What did ya say?!” 

 

She grimaced, letting out a small “ow,” as the man tightened his grip. 

 

Then, suddenly, the man let go and there was a loud thud. Barbara stayed frozen, not daring to look at the scene unfolding behind her. 

 

“Okay?” A voice asked, it sounded almost… familiar, “Bar barah okay?” 

 

Bar barah? Was that supposed to be her? 

 

Barbara turned, curiosity getting the best of her. The man lay sprawled out on the ground, his gun still loosely gripped in his hand. Atop of him crouched a creature, it’s legs bent a seemingly inhuman amount backwards. Its head violently twitched to the side so much so that she was sure that if it was human it would’ve broken its neck. “Bar barah?” It repeated its blue eyes piercing through her soul.

 

She took a step back suddenly unsure of how to handle the situation. If she ran she may trigger a prey instinct but if she stayed she was definitely getting pounced by this creature.

 

The figure stood, is bone’s popping as it did so but the creature remained undistracted from its target. It took a step towards her.

 

She matched him by taking another step back, “What…what are you?” She asked, her voice trembling. 

 

The creature paused its advance, “Dick?” 

 

“Dick?” She repeated. 

 

“Yes?” He confirmed. 

 

Barbara blinked, “You’re not Dick! You’re too…” Barbara paused, going through everything in her head, the choppy sentences, the lanky build, the strange amount of flexibility, it really did sound like Dick, but… the way he had acted was so ... .un-human like. Were her instincts really wrong? They had never been wrong before….wait, “Your skin!” She pointed out, “It’s gray!”

 

Dick(?) looked down at his arm, “Yes?” He spoke, not understanding her sudden revelation. 

 

“Human skin isn’t gray!” 

 

“Yes,” He nodded. 

 

Why wasn’t he defending himself? Did he not realize what she was saying? “So you aren’t human.” She clarified.

 

He nodded again. Huh?

 

Looks like she was going to have to spell out the whole thing. “Dick is a human.” 

 

“No,” Dick (?) denied, “Dick is Talon.” 

 

Dick…was a what?? Sure he had done strange things before but that didn’t mean Dick wasn’t human. Plus there was no way Bruce (Or Batman) wouldn’t have realized he wasn’t human with how many red flags he presented. Unless, Bruce did know and still brought him into the manor anyway.

 

Was that why Bruce was so hesitant to bring Dick out of the house? 

 

“Bar barah?” Dick tapped her shoulder, his light blue eyes meeting her darker ones. When had he moved so close? 

 

“Tell me something only the real Dick would know about me. Then I’ll believe you,” She huffed, she kind of already did believe him but she wasn’t going to let him know he had an advantage. 

 

Dick’s head tilted again in the jerky way he had done before. “Smile man killed …. Bar barah’s…” Dick looked up pointing at her helplessly.

 

Well he sure got Dick’s weird way of never saying the right word down. “Smile man, you mean the Joker.” Barbara corrected, even though she didn’t want to hear it she knew it was the only way to really confirm it was Dick. “Who did he kill?” 

 

“Bar barah’s….Bruce?” 

 

“No,” She shook her head, “He didn’t kill Bruce.” 

 

No!” He blurted out, “Not Bruce, Bar barah’s Bruce.” 

 

“My Bruce?” Barbara’s eyes narrowed, “You mean my…dad?” 

 

He nodded, “Yes!” 

 

Well, it was close enough. 

 

 

 

Jason unscrewed the cover and hopped down out of the vent. Bruce rarely came to this side of the manor so hopefully he could buy himself sometime from another lecture. 

 

There was a click and Jason looked over in time to see the window beside him fly open and two bodies roll into the house. Well, more like one body rolled and the other flopped onto the floor. 

 

“So,” The purple one wheezed, “You’re from a cult?”

 

The other sat up and Jason immediately recognized it to be Dick, “Don’t know.” 

 

“It’s basically-” The purple one pushed herself up, her red hair spilling out from under her purple hood, freezing when she locked eyes with Jason.

 

There was only one obnoxious purple loving redhead he knew. “Barbara?” He questioned. 

 

Barbara winced, “Please don’t tell Bruce.” 

 

“Sure,” Jason smirked, “If you tell me why you’re dressed like a kiddy out on halloween.”

 

Barbara’s face turned a bright red. 

 

“ What? Thought I wouldn’t notice all the purple under the hoodie?” Jason snickered. 

 

“I…was being batgirl!” Barbara announced.

 

“Batgirl? If you wanted to play your superhero game you could’ve just asked Bruce to take you out.” 

 

“No, I wasn’t playing superhero,” Barbara argued, “I actually went out and helped some people as a superhero.”

 

Fine, he’ll humor her, “Who’d you help then?” 

 

Barbara rubbed her hands together anxiously, “Some kids who got kidnapped.” 

 

Jason’s smile disappeared and he looked to Dick, even though it was hard to understand him sometimes, Dick didn’t lie. “She went out and did that?”

 

Dick nodded and Jason looked back at Barbara, his brows pinched together. 

 

“Why would you do that? You can’t even fight!” Jason accused. 

 

“Yes I can! My Dad put me in martial arts!” She refuted. 

 

“Martial arts ain't gonna do nothin’ against a gun!” 

 

Barbara flinched. 

 

Okay, calm down Jason, don’t scare her off. “Why do you wanna be a superhero?”

 

“I…” Barbara faltered, breaking eye contact with him, “Batman can’t save everyone, so, I thought I’d help.”

 

Jason bit his lip. Bruce would NOT approve of what Barbara was doing. He knew that much but, “I’ll teach you how to fight.” 

 

“Barbara’s eyes snapped up to him, “Really?!”

 

“Yes, BUT you have to bring one of us out with you when you go out.” 

 

Barbara nodded, “Promise,” she put out her pinky. 

 

Jason stare at it for a moment before hooking his own pink onto it. Man, he was going soft.

 

 

Bruce inspected his batarang collection again. He frowned, no he had counted right the first time, five of his batarangs were missing.

 

It didn’t make sense, why would the intruder go through all the trouble of breaking in to just steal a few batarangs?

 

He had checked the batcomputer and there had been someone who had broken in, however the mask and jacket prevented the computer from identifying the perpetrator.  

 

Better yet, his security cameras had gone offline a moment before the intruder had made it into the bat and for an update. 

 

Did it have something to do with Kent being here? It was strange that he interviewed him out of the blue like that… No, Kent was the metropolis golden boy, while naive, he wasn't stupid enough to fall for a plan that involved breaking the law. 

 

Bruce sighed, rubbing his forehead. He could tell just from a moment of investigating that this was going to be a headache.
Notes:

    (*Sweep is a move in martial arts where you kick someone's legs out from under them, I headcanon that barbara’s dad but her in material arts for self defense)

    I finally made a KINDA GOOD outline for the future...haha can't believe I was able to make it for like a YEAR without one. It's not like I have every chapter planned out but I do have the main points I wanna reach, especially now that the story's wrapping up. Honestly if I ever write another fic in the future I'm NOT gonna make it one big fic like I did this one. I struggled so much for ideas for filler chapters and sometimes chapters would become filler without me even meaning to make them like that. I do love this story and the journey it's taken me on BUT MAN DO I NEVER WISH TO DO IT AGAIN!

    I hope you all enjoyed this chapter I tried to throw in some different POV's to make it longer and more enjoyable for you guys <3

Chapter 54: Concern
Summary:

    LONG TIM CHAPTER YAY

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“And if I do this.” Jason swung a fist only for it to be caught by Barbara a few centimeters away from her face, leaving Jason briefly stunned.  

 

“I told you I already know how to fight.” Barbara grinned, clearly more than happy with her small win against Jason. 

 

Jason smirked, regaining his composure, “You’re good Red,” Oh no, he should’ve known that the fight wouldn’t have ended just like that . Tim pinched his eyes shut. “But” Barbara looked up at him, confused by his sudden shift in behavior.

 

Jason jerked his fist backward, pulling Barbara along with it, and then promptly pushing forward again making her lose her footing and knocking her to the floor. Barbara yelped as her back made contact with the carpeted floors making Tim flinch. “Not good enough.”

 

“Hey!!” Barbara squawked under him, “That’s not fair! That wasn’t even a real move!” 

 

“You really think everyone’s taken the same fancy smancy fighting classes as you?” Jason questioned, “You gotta learn how to prepare for the expected.”

 

Tim opened his eyes, sensing the fight had ended. Maybe now they could stop, before anyone could get anymore injured. Barbara already had a bruise from the last fight which was going to be difficult to hide since it was on her cheek.

 

“I already do that!” Barbara huffed. 

 

Jason stood up offering a hand up, “Then show me.”

 

Wait. Again? How long were they going to continue this?

 

‘Are you not hungry?’ Tim asked, hoping to pull them away from training for a little while. ‘It’s lunchtime,’ He added. 

 

Barbara looked over at Jason. “He says it’s lunchtime.” 

 

“Already?” Barbara muttered, looking like she was considering stopping. 

 

Tim nodded, hopefully. 

 

“How about one more round, then we’ll go down.” Tim deflated, that’s what you said last time. “How about you go down ahead of us actually then we’ll go down when we’re done.” Jason suggested making Tim realize he probably noticed his disappointment.

 

Tim sighed pushing himself up and off of the bean bag. When Bruce had made the playroom he doesn’t think Bruce had imagined them using it for this. Tim glanced over to Dick who sat atop the toy chest.

 

He nodded towards the door. If Dick came with him at least he wouldn’t have to explain why he was the only kid who came downstairs. 

 

“You going downstairs with Tim, Dick?” Jason asked for him. 

 

Dick looked over at Tim, his smile made Tim hopeful for a second but then he shook his head. His eyes looking almost apologetic but Tim knew better. Dick knew almost nothing about the human version of polite behaviors.

 

Tim sighed, maybe Alfred wouldn’t question him on everyone’s absence. 

 

It was quiet downstairs, nothing but the soft hum of the heater could be heard. It was eerie being in the dining room by himself. 

 

“Master Timothy?” Alfred asked, materializing behind him. His flinch did not go unnoticed by the elder of the two who thankfully chose not to comment on it. “I must say I’m quite surprised you came down, I was half expecting you to stay holed up in one of the rooms again.” 

 

Tim shook his head. He did not stay holed up in his room, he just wanted to be left alone for a little while. ‘Is my food down?’ 

 

Alfred nodded, “Yes it is, I’ll get it for you.” Alfred exited the dining room giving Tim some time to hop up on one of the chairs. 

 

Alfred came back after a second of waiting, placing a steaming bowl of soup in front of him. Chicken noodle. He remembered having it once before it might’ve been one of the few dishes his Mom made but he can’t remember. 

 

“Master Timothy,” Alfred started, “Do you happen to know where the others have gone?” There it was the question he had been dreading. He looked up into Alfred’s bright blue eyes. The baby blues sparkled, eager to learn the truth. Alfred trusted him, what would happen if he lied?

 

‘They are playing a game’ There! It wasn’t completely a lie, in a sense they were playing a game. 

 

Alfred looked up at the floor above them and for a second he thought Alfred could see straight through his not-lie. “Is that so?” Alfred finally said, giving no sign of what he believed whatsoever. 

 

Just then Jason burst through the door. “We’re done!” He exclaimed the others following suit into the room closely behind him. “What’d you make Alfie?”

 

“Soup, and maybe while I go and collect it you all can think about how to enter a room a little less ….rambunctiously.” Alfred’s gaze settled on Jason. 

 

Jason didn’t seem bothered by it in any way though, maybe he didn’t get the hint that warning was directed towards him. “Will do Alfie!” Or maybe he did and just didn’t care.  Whatever the reason when Alfred had come back Jason was a bit less rowdy. Maybe it was from the adrenaline then? 

 

“Thanks Alfred.” Barbara smiled, the bruise she had earlier was now missing. Tim squinted looking for a sign of where it had gone. There was no way it could’ve healed that fast. Barbara looked over at him, “Yes?” 

 

Uh-oh looks like she noticed him staring. “Uh-” Tim stuttered looking for an excuse, “I just thought your eyes were green before- Now they’re blue.” 

 

Barbara blinked blankly at him, in scarily similarity as to how Dick does sometimes. “Oh, well they change based on the lighting I guess. A few people have asked me the same thing.” Barbara shrugged, taking a spoonful of the chicken noodle in her mouth. 

 

Thank goodness that was a common question or else Tim wouldn’t have known how to explain himself. He didn’t really care about Barbara’s eye color after all. 

 

“Alright!” Tim looked over at Jason. His bowl was completely empty. “Let’s get back to-” Jason looked over at Alfred. “playing!” 

 

“Right!” Barbara agreed, taking the bowl and drinking the rest of it down like it was a glass of water. 

 

Dick was the only one who didn’t stray from the leisurely pace of scooping the soup into his mouth. 

 

“Coming Dick?” Jason asked. Dick shook his head. “Okay then.” Jason hopped off the chair turning towards the arch. 

 

‘Wait’ Tim signed. 

 

Jason paused, how he had known Tim had signed something was a mystery for him but they had always had a connection, “Yeah?” 

 

He hesitated for a moment, Jason was awfully excited at the moment and he’d hate to ruin that but… ‘Can I talk to you for a minute’

 

“Sure!” Jason answered, smiling. Tim grabbed hold of Jason's hand and pulled him out into the hallway. 

 

‘Do you think this is a good idea?’ If Bruce found out what they were doing they would all be in serious trouble…

 

Jason blinked, he was probably a bit startled. “What’s a good idea?” 

 

‘This with BARBARA’ 

 

Jason’s mouth shifted into an o shape, “Well I mean do you think it’s a better idea for us to just leave her roaming around on the streets with no self perversion.” 

 

Tim bit his lip. He understood what Jason was saying but that wasn’t the point. 

 

Bruce didn’t want them going out as robin, he had seen the reports! Plus he was always really against the idea of them getting mixed up in ‘Superhero issues’. By helping Barbara they were going against Bruce’s word. 

 

He had never seen Bruce angry before but what if this was the thing to push him over the edge. He had seemed so adamant about it. What if he locked them away in their rooms and didn’t let them see each other? Would he take away the light too? As much as it stung the light was growing on him. He didn’t want to go back to the dark!

 

“You’re thinking too much into it, Shadow!” He(?) huffed, “Trust me everything’s gonna work out.” 

 

“I hope so,” Shadow murmured. 

 

“It WILL!” He insisted.

 

Tim froze. What….what was that? He looked around, a vase, a console table, a potted plant. That’s right he was in the hallway. 

 

“Tim?” 

 

Tim looked up at Jason, a worried expression on his face. “You okay?”

 

Tim nodded, ‘Yes’ It was probably nothing important anyway.

 
Notes:

    Hey y'all sorry this chapter is a bit late I had finals last week so I decided to hold off posting the chapter to give myself so more time. I hope you enjoyed it, it's been so long since I've read the whole sorry so I had to re-read some bits to make sure I was getting the lore right.

    I wonder what's going on with Tim at that last bit that was strange 👀

Chapter 55: Bright smiles
Summary:

    Barbara flies again

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

Barbara looked down the hallway.

 

  Left

 

Right

 

It was all clear. Barbara let out a sigh of relief, opened the door and cautiously made her way over to the window. 

 

“Hey!” 

 

Barbara startled, jerking away from the direction the lively voice had come from. It took every ounce of self control she had to not scream bloody murder as Jason popped into her field of vision. 

 

Unaware of the possible heart attack Jason had just given her, he continued speaking, “I knew you’d be here! I went looking for you earlier but I saw your backpack was gone so I figured you had gone out already. I’m so glad you haven’t left yet!” Jason dug into his pocket, fishing out a small round object and tossing it at her.

 

Barbara fumbled the object around in her hands, “What is this?” She asked. The darkness prevented her from seeing it but it felt like there were a couple buttons and a screen. 

 

“It’s a radio.” Jason explained.

 

“Like the ones cops use?” She felt the excitement begin to build up in her stomach. She had always wanted to use her Dad’s radio but he had never let her because ‘it wasn’t a toy and was for serious business’ and now she had her own ‘serious business’! 

 

Jason smiled, nodding, “Yeah home’s on channel 5 and Dick’s on channel 7.” 

 

“Dick?” Why would he have his own separate channel? 

 

Jason waved his hand dismissively mistaking her confusion for doubt , “Yeah, yeah, I know it’s risky but he is the most well trained out of all of us. And someone has to take care of your cover while you’re gone.” Jason gave her a faint smile but it didn’t seem to reach his eyes. He seemed upset but why would Jason be upset?

 

They stood there for a moment, staring at each other. 

 

Barbara broke the silence “Well…I’m going to go…”

 

Barbara moved forward and jumped into the night leaving the manor behind in the darkness.

 

Finding criminals was easy in such a city like Gotham; the hard part was getting there before they caused irreversible damage. So, she created a system, while she was out taking out robbers Dick would keep watch for suspicious persons. When she was done then they’d investigate the suspicious people and if he was right (which he always was) she’d swoop down and stop them before they could even do anything. 

 

It was a pretty good system if she had to say so herself. Barbara pulled herself onto the shop roof where she knew Dick was waiting. “It’s clear.” She confirmed and Dick materialized from the shadows. Barbara gave a faint smirk and wondered if who was better at appearing in thin air, Dick or Alfred. Maybe Alfred was a talon too. She humored the thought of Alfred running around fighting people but quickly brushed it off when she noticed Dick staring. “What do you have for me?” She asked dusting herself off and standing taller.

 

Dick pointed off into the distance. Barbara walked over to the edge of the roof, squinting. There was a large truck parked outside of a warehouse that men were constantly running out of and rushing back in with packages. 

 

“Looks like it could be a drug bust.” She commented. “Good job Dick.” She pat the older kid's shoulder as some sort of ‘thanks’ before starting to make her way towards the warehouse. 

 

As she neared the warehouse she began to notice that all the men had the same sort of mask on. Great. Looks like she was dealing with a gang of some kind. 

 

Barbara took a deep breath, it was fine she could still deal with this, she just had to take it slow.

 

When the guards weren’t looking she bolted inside hiding behind a couple of the wooden crates. 

 

A door slammed, Barbara froze. 

 

“Puddin’! It’s not funny!” A woman’s voice seethed. The Brooklyn accent immediately popped out to Barbara. Not many spoke without the Jersey accent unless they were particularly new, even people from other countries quickly adapted to the Jersey way of saying things as if they didn’t it was a one way ticket of being targeted. 

 

A man’s voice could faintly be heard. It was clear that he was yelling too but Barbara couldn’t quite make it out. 

 

“It doesn’t matter! Ya know what !? I’m not coming home for dinner! I hope you enjoy cooking something edible without me!” There was a sound of a large bang and then only sobs following.

 

Barbara peeked out from her spot, a figure sat collapsed on the second floor. Barbara bit her lip, she couldn’t help but feel bad for the woman. She didn’t seem bad at all. Maybe she could get her to see reason and get her to leave this whole life behind. Maybe she could even help her!

 

Yeah!

 

Barbara carefully made her way over to the woman, occasionally stopping to hide from the busy men. 

 

As Barbara approached the red and black costume became more and more visible. Was she a henchman? She was far more colorful than all the rest. All the more reason to help and get her on Barbara’s side she nodded along trusting her judgement.

 

“Hey,” Barbara quietly greeted, being careful to not startle her. 

 

It was then when the woman finally turned. Finally revealed her Snow White skin. Finally looked at her through the dripping makeup when Barbara recognized her. 

 

Harley Quinn. 

 

Oh god

 

How could she have been so stupid!?

 

Barbara stare down horrified at the pile on the floor that was the Joker’s Girlfriend.

 

The Harley was just as surprised to see her. Her mouth hung open and a shudder escaped her throat before she snapped it shut and wiped her tears. 

 

“You shouldn’t be here.” Harley Quinn warned, trying to glare at her but not quite pulling it off.

 

Barbara glupped, a criminal’s still a threat until they’re in custody, her Father’s voice echoed.“Uh! I heard about what happened.” 

 

Harley flinched, “He’s been telling people?” Harley asked, fear evident in her voice, “Why would he do that?”

 

It was a genuine question Barbara realized. Now you’ve done it Barbara. “Uh.” Come on, why would the Joker do something? “He thinks it’s funny?” 

 

That was all it took for Harley to go back to absolutely babbling her eyes out. “My babies.” She wailed. 

 

Alarm bells were ringing in her head. While her instincts were telling her to run, her heart told her that she couldn’t leave Harley alone in this state. Criminal or not she was still human. 

 

Barbara took a step forward and placed a hand on the killer’s shoulder. “It’ll be okay,” She tried to soothe. There wasn’t much she could say without knowing the full situation. “What are your baby's names?” 

 

“Bud and Lou,” She sniffled, “They were my everything, after Mistah J of course but I still loved em.” 

 

That was past tense.

 

Those sentences were past tense.

 

But she was his girlfriend. Why would he-!?

 

“Harley, I have only spoken to you for a few minutes but I can already tell that you’re a sweetheart and if the Joker can’t treat you right, then he can go die alone.” 

 

Harley trembled, the muffled sobs became roaring laughter. “Mistreat me? Mistah J would nev-ah! You’re good kid, exactly what I needed today.” Harley hopped up, demeanor completely changing. “I betcha wanna stop this operation right.” 

 

“Huh? How’d you-?” 

 

“You’re one of those heroes.” Harley pointed to her costume as if it was obvious.

 

“You’ve heard of me?” Barbara stood up, her energy suddenly matching that of the Harley. 

 

“Course I have sugar!” Harley bopped her nose. “You’re all the talk of the alley kids.” 

 

“Really!?” 

 

“Yup!” 

 

“Harley Quinn! Who’s this!?” A gruff voice yelled.

 

Barbara turned, the masked men had noticed all the commotion they were causing and had come up the stairs to investigate. 

 

“There’s been a change of plans! Mistah J wants the cargo sent back!” Harley ordered, still grinning from her conversation with Barbara. 

 

“But Joker’s orders Miss!” The man argued.

 

Harley took the man’s head in her hands and KISSED him. Some of the men gasped while others froze. 

 

Harley just giggled, “Are you convinced now Jeffery.” 

 

The man in question, Jeffery, had turned a bright red, “Ye- yes Miss Harley!” He turned towards the others, “You heard Miss Harley, move out!” 

 

Harley turned towards her and winked before leaving.

 

Barbara stood there dumbfounded.

 

What just happened?!
Notes:

    PHEW I DID IT ! After sitting down on my phone for 3 hours I finally completed this chapter!

    I'm honestly so glad I was finally able to write Harley in, she was my favorite DC character before I even knew what DC was I even thought she was a hero XD! Anyway she's been in the tags for like SINCE I STARTED THIS fic so it was about time.

    ORGINALLY why she was in the tags was because Joker was going to be dead. YEAH ik, basically Joker was gonna be killed and Harley (in her grief) was gonna take his place and be "Mrs Joke" or smth but I decided to scrap that idea because I could add more drama with Joker 😈

Chapter 56: Struggles of being a Bat
Summary:

    Bruce's POV on Gotham

Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

It was a dark night. The symbol which had once pierced through the clouds and rained hope down on the people of Gotham was now gone. While he could always just light it himself, he couldn’t bring himself to go back to the station knowing that all of Jim’s work of ridding the department of corruption was now undone.

 

Batman gazed down at his city and couldn’t help but become overwhelmed by a wave of helplessness.

 

During these last few months things had finally started to look up. He had started his new venture and thanks to his relentless effort the crime rate was the lowest it had been in YEARS. He had been welcomed back into the corporate world and it almost seemed like he had never left in the first place with how quickly everyone adjusted. After his reintroduction into society people actually started seeking him out to befriend him and it wasn’t in a “pitying the orphan boy” or “let me seduce you so I can steal all your money” way. It was just so normal, a normal that was so foreign to him that he almost cried when one of the other CEO’s had referred to him as his friend. Still, he felt like something was missing and that something came in 70 lbs of sopping, blood drenched child. With not one but MULTIPLE traumatized children he finally felt as if he had a family, something to come back to when things got tough. 

 

Now, everything was suddenly slipping from his grasp, his dreams now a melted puddle on the floor as things began to slowly divulge back into chaos.

 

A gunshot rang through the air and Batman tensed remembering he was on the job.

 

It didn’t take long for him to locate where the shot had come from when he spotted the broken window to the grocery store and two figures running out.

 

He jumped down quickly disarming one of the robbers and holding him down against the cement as he cuffed him. 

 

A gun’s safety clicked and Batman turned towards the second robber. “Don’t move!” He warned aiming the gun at his head.

 

Batman continued advancing towards the other robber pulling his cape up to block the incoming bullets. 

 

As soon as the robber realized that his strategy wasn’t working he turned to run, but it was too late. Batman grabbed him by his collar, taking in the size of the robber for a moment before swinging him over his shoulder along with his accomplice who hadn’t got very far from where he had left him. 

 

They struggled in his grip, biting and thrashing at his back. ‘Let us go!’ They howled, there was no way that the other Gothamites couldn’t hear them, but they stuck to their ‘Mind your own business’ mentality and kept their head low.

 

“There’s nothin’ the cops are even gonna do once ya turn us in. So just let us go!” The first snapped. 

 

“I’m not taking you to the police.” He finally spoke. 

 

“ What ?” Both tensed and he could practically feel as their eyes bore into the back of his head with suspicion at him. 

 

“Then where-” His question was suddenly cut off by the other robber. 

 

“This is the way to the CPS building Marco.” The second hissed. 

 

“What!?” He exclaimed, suddenly the struggling was back, seemingly more desperate than before. 

 

The other opted for a different approach though, “Mr Batman, please, we’ll do anything. Just don’t take us back.” 

 

“Why?” Batman questioned, he wouldn’t be lying if he said he wasn’t a bit intrigued to what their story was.

 

“Because if you do take us back, we’ll be put back in the system and I trust you know how bad the system is, Mr Batman.” The unnamed robber explained.

 

He grunted, he knew the CPS system in Gotham wasn’t the best but he hadn’t realized the kids were fosters. “Don’t you have multiple chances before you’re put back in?” 

 

“This was our last chance.” The other one, Marco, piped up somewhat somberly.

 

“Then why’d you do it?” He challenged, “If you knew this was your last chance why’d you still do it.” 

 

“Kelly…” The older one cautioned, turning towards Marco for assurance, “Our foster parent- she’s not a bad person or anything she just doesn’t have enough to feed us.” Batman’s brows pinched together, weren’t CPS supposed to pick people who could afford children. 

 

The other one cut in, “We tried to get money from regular means, but this is the only real skillset we have…” As if it was completely scripted, one of their stomachs growled. 

 

Godd*mn it

 

Batman placed both of them down on the ground. The teenagers looked up at him, startled. 

 

“Give me the gun.” He said with all the authority he could muster against two scared kids. 

 

“What? No!” He backed up clutching the gun to his chest. 

 

Batman sighed, “Then at least give me the ammo.” 

 

“Why?” He questioned. 

 

“Because I want kids running around the streets with loaded guns.” 

 

“You’re letting us go?” Marco’s eyes brightened. 

 

“Yes,” Batman nodded, “If you give me the ammo.”

 

Marco elbowed the boy, “Jacob.”

 

Jacob , bit his lip, “Fine.” He muttered, unloading the bullets and dropping them in Batman’s hand.

 

Batman knew this was way too good of a deal for them to pass up especially since they would probably get their hands on new ammo eventually. 

 

He studied the bullets for a moment before pocketing them. “You’re free to go.”the boys nodded and Batman started to back away into the shadows, “Next time you won’t be so lucky.” 

 

Marco began to fidget with his hands, “Batman you’re not so bad. Maybe that Batty girl was right about you.” 

 

Batman paused, “Batty girl?” He questioned. 

 

“Yeah, new vigilante or something but between us we’re pretty sure she’s just another street kid with how much they seem to be hyping her up.” 

 

All Batman could do was muster up a nod as the boys turned to leave. 

 

Batgirl that was the name Barbara had used for her hero identity in the other universes

 

Could it be that….

 

Batman took out his grapple, swinging towards the manor. 

 

Where would she even get the materials? It wasn’t like a ten year old could just sew a whole costume….right? 

 

Batman swung through the window into the dining room. 

 

“Master Bruce!?” Alfred exclaimed, “What in heaven’s name are you doing?!” 

 

Batman stood up shards of glass sticking to his suit as he continued onwards.

 

“Master Bruce! Come back here!” Alfred shouted, unfortunately it fell on deaf ears because all he could hear in that moment was the Joker’s cackling. 

 

“Barbara?” He called out. “Barbara!?” His speed walking turned into a jog as he made his way down the hallway. 

 

He barreled into Barbara’s room, completely prepared to see an empty bed.

 

Instead he saw a figure buried under a few fluffy blankets. 

 

“Barbara?” He called out softly, squinting at the figure, he could see a clump of dark hair peeking out from the top.

 

Someone grabbed his arm and he didn’t have to look to know it was Alfred coming to knock some sense into him. 

 

Alfred pulled him into the hallway and closed Barbara’s door. “What’s gotten into you Bruce? The children are trying to sleep?”

 

Bruce gazed down at the cracks in hardwood floors. “I…” Bruce tried but no words came out. Barbara was safe , she was asleep in her bed not running around the streets of Gotham. So why couldn’t he shake this uneasy feeling?

 

Alfred placed a hand on his shoulder, “Come on, let’s get you to bed.” 

 



Jason stared down at his oatmeal. 

 

“Maybe if you stare hard enough you’ll make it float.” Barbara offered, glumly stirring her whole oatmeal. 

 

“You’re one to talk.” Jason scoffed looking into her bloodshot eyes.

 

There was a thud, making everyone at the table jump. Bruce’s face had fallen straight down into his own oatmeal. 

 

Pitying the old man he tapped him with the end of his spoon. 

 

“ Huh ?” He shot up, “The analytics for sales is up 5%.” 

 

Jason groaned, “Keep the corporate talk to a minimum Bruce.” 

 

Barbara’s brows furrowed, “Corporate? Minimum? When did you start using such fancy words?” 

 

“Since always Red.” He sneered. 

 

Bruce yawned , “Please don’t argue while at the table kids.” 

 

“What are you all doing sitting around here?” Alfred placed his hands on his hips. “It’s Monday, you're supposed to be ready by now.” 

 

“Have fun at your meeting old man.” Jason waved sliding off his chair. 

 

Alfred stepped in front of him, “Oh no you don’t. It’s a school day.” 

 

“School day?” He raised an eyebrow, “I don’t have school, remember?” 

 

“Correction. You didn’t have school.” Alfred crossed his arms.

 

Jason looked back at Bruce to see if it was true but he looked just as lost as him. 

 

“I thought we were homeschooling Alfred.” Bruce spoke with a sort of underlying tone, hurt maybe?

 

Alfred sighed in a way that made it seem like he saw this whole situation as a nuisance, “You’re always busy with work Bruce and when you’re not, you’re playing with the children which leaves me the job of teaching them. I would be completely fine doing so if there were only still two children like when you came back. But I don’t believe I can teach this ,” he motioned to them, “Many children all at once.” 

 

“Ah.” Was Bruce’s only response before he went back to looking at his oatmeal.

 

Barbara and him exchanged a glance. How were they going to balance school and vigilantism?  
Notes:

    Woooo decently long chapter guys! Posting this early to just get this chapter done with.

    FUN FACT!!! BRUCE HASN'T BEEN SLEEPING SINCE GORDON HAS DIED!! He's been out as batman all night and even during the day which is why Bruce has been so tired and hasn't really appeared.

Notes:

    So how did you like it? Where do you think I can improve? I've been wanting to post this for awhile, and now with all this extra time I decided to finally do it!

Series this work belongs to:

    Part 1 of To Start a Batfam Next Work →
    Part 1 of Alternate Universe Batfam Shenanigans Next Work →

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Comments (373) 

Kudos

Dance_Queen1, Megumi48, yusra1980, winadun, Mightland, The_Japester, Namjooonswife, Alvena, Cazuza, Evil_Magic, rain_dragons, SombrasDeZaun, MalleArie, Mr_Kurkuri353476, Silva_6711, atomicpanda, XxXNightcoreQueenXxX, Bezadeu, CoconutChronicle, Alanyur, nameless_for_now, homeostasisatwork, Bobilcaluiza, Ketchup_Sauce_Cat, Sleep_Deprived_UvU, arulovesu, Kami_Kazer, Milo_Uchiha, CrimsonEyedKitsune, Bwilla, Kitkatdj3, celesianmagician, Multishipper17, Joseph_Jacob_andSaul, Catnip1720, Kargion, FBI_oficial, BlockedPuppy, Migueloharascumdump, PokeMusic28, rosieth3k, ihaegyo, JW0126, 3xhausted, Selesta13, Starry_Nights26, Staxxy, AphrosHearts, Meenerhnurah_01, Hkoikio, and 372 more users as well as 202 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment

Note:
    All fields are required. Your email address will not be published.
Guest name
Guest email

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.402.2
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

