

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

Log In

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: katekyou "alternate universe" sort:>words 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Comments Share Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        Teen And Up Audiences 

Archive Warning:

        Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings 

Category:

        Gen 

Fandoms:

        Batman - All Media TypesBatman (Comics)Nightwing (Comics) 

Relationships:

        Dick Grayson & Bruce WayneDick Grayson & Damian WayneDick Grayson & Jason ToddDick Grayson & Tim DrakeBarbara Gordon & Dick GraysonCassandra Cain & Dick GraysonDick Grayson & Duke ThomasStephanie Brown & Dick GraysonTim Drake & Dick Grayson & Jason Todd & Bruce Wayne & Damian WayneDick Grayson & EveryoneDick Grayson & Alfred Pennyworth 

Characters:

        Dick GraysonBruce WayneDamian WayneJason ToddTim DrakeCassandra CainBarbara GordonDuke ThomasStephanie BrownAlfred PennyworthWilliam CobbJim GordonDonna TroyClark KentLois LaneAlton Carver 

Additional Tags:

        Dick Grayson is NightwingBruce Wayne is BatmanJason Todd is Red HoodTim Drake is Red RobinDamian Wayne is RobinBarbara Gordon is OracleStephanie Brown is SpoilerDuke Thomas is SignalDick Grayson Needs a HugHurt Dick GraysonHurt/ComfortAngstBruce Wayne is a Good ParentBruce Wayne is Bad at FeelingsDick Grayson is a TalonTalon - FreeformCourt of OwlsGrief/MourningCharacter DeathTemporary Character DeathImplied/Referenced Character DeathPast Character DeathMentions of CancerReferences to DepressionAngst and FeelsTragedyBatfamily (DCU)Batfamily (DCU) FeelsEveryone Loves Dick GraysonCassandra Cain is Black BatHaly's Circus (DCU)Canon-Typical Violenceyes this is going to be a long fic- sorry bout that 

Language:
    English 
Collections:
    A Collection of Beloved Inserts, what does the bat say? 
Stats:

    Published:
        2020-09-04
    Updated:
        2021-12-31
    Words:
        87,394
    Chapters:
        9/?
    Comments:
        300
    Kudos:
        1,193
    Bookmarks:
        273
    Hits:
        23,561

a storge for you
glassofwater
Summary:

    They’ve never really believed in death. They know it exists, they see it all the time. It’s there, but it just doesn’t last for them. Death has never been permanent, only a mere pause in their lives. But here they stand, watching his coffin be lowered into the ground.

    Infallible Dick Grayson was a fraud.

Notes:

    So, this has been in the works for awhile! I'm going to admit, even though I have quite a lot of characters listed, it will mainly be focused on the bat bois- I hope you still enjoy this! Of course, tags are listed and used as my fair warning. I hope I do each of their characters justice :)

    Fun Fact! Storge is one of the seven different types of Greek love and means unconditional, familial love. I thought it fit Dick pretty well!

Chapter 1: The Will
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

“Mr.Grayson details in paragraph four, line ten, ‘I leave a USB drive to Bruce Wayne, Damian al Ghul Wayne, Timothy Drake Wayne, Jason Todd Wayne, Stephanie Brown, Cassandra Wayne, Duke Thomas, and Barbara Gordon.’ Mr.Grayson further specifies that all who were listed must be present in order to open the drive.”

The world rattled deep inside their bones.  

It made them tremble, fault lines and cracks and fractures building up. Deep fissures spewed poison, ripping into their hearts and bleeding black. Bit by bit, their insides were being clawed out, torn apart and squeezed, leaving them breathless and empty and hollow. 

The emptiness echoed, bouncing off of thin walls and unspoken words. Heated arguments and broken bones and near black bruises. Violent tears and harsher laughs. Too tight hugs and feather light touches. Whispered comforts and yells filled with love. Locked away wishes and final thoughts.

Final moments.

And then there’s nothing. Nothing at all. 

Not even darkness.

“My Will has been updated as of last week. There’s not much I have, nothing of any real value, but I’ve asked for this to be a part of it.”

They’ve gathered in the Cave, the only place any of them can tolerate the silence. The Manor is filled with too much of it, a fullness and encompassing nightmare that won’t stop no matter how many goodies Alfred bakes or how many curtains he opens. 

There’s a room in the Manor that’s sealed away and locked tightly, down a hallway that hasn’t been swept in many weeks, and filled with the screeching quiet of ugly tears and horribly aching hearts.

In the Cave, where it always smells like mildew and sweat, they can muster up enough peace among themselves. Enough peace so that they aren’t immediately at each other's throats, yelling themselves hoarse until screamed words just won’t do it anymore and fists follow and smash. No insults and places of blame, of which they all share enough of.

They gather with only one goal.

To listen.

“In the event that this actually happens, no fake deaths or left field disappearances, I’ve decided to make this. Again. I’ve been comfortable with my own mortality for a long time, maybe too comfortable, so I hope this says what it needs to. What I’m too afraid to do, most of the time.”

It’s unfair to say who had been hit the hardest. It had just been so unexpected, so sudden, and no one had been prepared for it. Of course, they all knew it could happen. None of them were as invulnerable and unbreakable as their personas liked to broadcast. Showing weakness on the job was like putting down a welcome mat for death, beckoning it in like an old friend.

They only ever danced with death, too fearful to ever ask for its name and invite it inside their homes.

Until now, that is.

“Originally, I never wanted to make another video like this. I was banking on the hope that I would go out somewhat heroically. You know, with some style and class in the vigilante world. Or civilian world. I don’t judge where I choose to be heroic.  I always thought that if I didn’t and ended up slipping in the shower or something, well, just make sure it’s not marked on the headstone.”

It’s meant to be a joke. Some sarcastic phrase in the hopes of drawing out a laugh even with the implications. No one makes a sound.

“Right, so, I’ll get into it. Property and assets and all that jazz are in the paper version. Like I said, there’s not much but I do have information. The USB you’re watching this on contains all the information I’ve gathered over the years; case files, new and old villains, up and coming crime lords and drug factions, locations, trackers, cults, assassins, and even some rising heroes. There’s other stuff on there as well, but you’ll see that later. I’m hoping it’s useful. I know we have similar files, Red Robin has back-ups for the back-ups I'm sure, but I hope it helps at least a little bit.”

He says that name because he’s not a civilian in recording. He is Nightwing, mask firmly in place and uniform on like it’s any other night out on patrol. Everyone knows this, everyone has eyes and can clearly see that it is not Richard John Grayson speaking but his vigilante persona, but it still comes as a sharp reminder of who they are. What they are.

What they couldn’t be.

“It feels morbid, making this,” the screen admits, the dull glow casting chasms of shadows on the weary yet fully focused group, “But it needs to be done. I make videos like this every year, almost every other month, but it never feels any more normal. It’s not like I plan on dying out of nowhere, but it’s just... Yeah. It’s better to have something prepared, you know?”

He recorded this in his own apartment, the small kitchen light being the only source of illumination. Maybe if it were any other video, any other reason, Batman would make a comment about the danger of being home in uniform. Of allowing oneself to be so exposed.

He stays silent though. 

“I had a whole list with me,” Nightwing fumbles, like he’s supposed to know what to say but is just forgetting his lines. “Things I wanted to talk about. Advice. Confessions. Maybe some final wishes. I’ve done this way too many times though. If I’m being frank, it feels like I’m already dead. Like I’ve been dead for a long time. A walking corpse.”

There’s a sharp intake of breath from the youngest one, a sign that he is startled and confused and angry. Robin is older now, all of them are. They’ve aged and grown up, shedding past childhood hopes and dreams and fully embracing reality for what it is and not what they want. But it doesn’t get easier. It never gets easier.

“There was a time I was convinced I wouldn’t make it past eighteen. That I wouldn’t become an adult and live past being Batman’s partner. It comes with the job, putting your life on the line, but ever since I passed that milestone, it feels like I’ve been living on borrowed time. Honestly, I think I have been.”

A small pause. No one breathes as Nightwing slowly peels back the mask, revealing a very tired looking Dick Grayson.

“I have a week before it finally runs out.”

There is a difference in suspecting and having it confirmed. Hearing it come straight out of the person’s mouth.

“I was told a couple months ago. I’m sure one of you has already stolen the files, but I’ll put it bluntly and just say that there was nothing to be done. It was extremely aggressive and overwhelming . Please, god, please believe me when I say that I looked into every possible treatment, compromise, cure, antidote. You name it, I promise I looked into it. Looked for it. There just… The world just doesn’t have it. It just didn’t have a reasonable answer.”

Red Robin can feel an argument rising within him, the urge to scream and yell and rant at the recording and say that of course there’s a treatment. It doesn’t matter how hard he looked. There was one and if he had just told someone, if he had just told him, they would’ve found it together and Dick wouldn’t be. Wouldn’t be.

“It’s not painful,” he comforts, rubbing his neck in that awkward way that just tells everyone he’s lying about something. “Or, it wasn’t painful, depending on when you see this. I wouldn’t have even known it was there had it not been for the check-up. I debated about this for a long time, that is, about telling you all. Not a great way to break the news, is it?”

Dick laughs slightly, like this is all some joke to him. Like he wasn’t talking about his demise. Like he wasn’t talking about how he was going to die in a week. Like he wasn’t already speaking from the mouth of a dead man.

“This is really shitty of me. I know it is. I’m probably going to cause you all more pain, but you guys know I’m selfish. I am a terribly selfish person and I just wanted…. Wanted these days I have to spend with you guys to be normal. To just be what they are. I didn’t want these precious moments to be of you guys sad or angry or for your memories of me to be any different than what I’ve always been. You have every right to be upset, but, yeah. It’s unfair and I am so sorr-”

The video freezes, paused in the moment, and no one moves. Slowly, Red Hood steps back from the computer, hands shaking as he pulls his fingers away from the panel.

“Fuck that,” he says, and his voice is trembling with emotion. Displaced rage and fury and grief. “Fuck that. Fuck him. ”

“Jason, please-”

“No. Fuck him. Fuck him and his half-assed apology. He doesn’t get to say sorry. He doesn’t get to try and fucking apologize for this. He, He-”

The truth is, Jason has always been the most emotional of the bats. He feels violently, feels so many things, and embraces it. Most of the time, those feelings are anger that come out in the form of swearing and punches and rebellious actions that don’t always match up with what’s going on in his head. He confuses his anger with other emotions that are rolling around in his chest and he lets them out the only way he’s ever felt comfortable with.

But this? This uncontrollable heaviness? He has no idea what to do. 

So he leaves. He storms out of the Cave, ignoring the shocked and sad faces of his brothers and sisters and Bruce, and gets on his motorcycle and just leaves. 

Jason knows he’s being cruel by doing this. That they can’t play the video again until everyone is there to see it. That he’s just delaying the inevitable. But he doesn’t care. He doesn’t give a damn about what he’s doing or what his family is doing or what Dick wanted them all to do. Dick doesn’t get to weigh in on his life or his decisions anymore.

He’s dead . The Golden Boy doesn’t have the right to sit on his shoulder anymore and tell him what’s the good thing to do. What’s the merciful thing to do. Clearly, he hadn’t had a clue as to what mercy was if he thought a fucking video was going to be enough to make up for what he did. To let them down easy. To satisfy them.

To let them fucking say goodbye.

It’d been two weeks since the funeral. Closed coffin by preference. Small attendance with half the intended guests already dead.

Paramedics got a call from a neighbor, but by the time they had shown up and taken him to the hospital, he was already gone. Lifeless. Dead. When they finally called his emergency contact list, and no one picked up, they stashed him away in the morgue for the next six hours. And when Bruce Wayne arrived, ashen faced and panicked, they could only shake their heads and point him to the basement.

And then the media got wind of a Wayne sighting at the hospital, a rare photo of the billionaire with red eyes and a devastated face going viral. By then, everyone else had been phoned. 

Jason doesn’t know what the other’s reactions were to getting a phone call from Bruce was, but he didn’t answer the first two times. He’d been having a good day, free of green tinged vision and the urge to sprint and run. After the third call, he picked up, ready to tell off the older man, only to hear the crack in his voice as he said,

“Dick is dead.”

Not Nightwing. Dick. Dick was dead.

Jason knows he’ll eventually go back. He has to, out of obligation to his family and for himself. Because despite all his feelings towards him, he’d still been his brother. A damn good one at that. Even after all the shit they’d been put through, Dick still deserved a chance to be heard.

For now though, Jason was going to drive down an empty road, wind tearing at his arms, and not look back.

It only takes two days for him to return. The guilt, the worry, and the sheer curiosity that defiles his mind won’t leave him alone. It’s a voicemail that finally does him in, though. He’d been ignoring text message after text message, declining calls and generally trying his hardest to avoid everyone and everything. But all it takes is one voicemail for him to get back on his bike and pull up to the Manor once again.

No one ever leaves voicemails. They call a thousand times, spam text a million things, but they never leave a voicemail. It’s just something they don’t do, so when one comes through with the caller ID of Brat, he listens and feels the guilt fester.

Damian sounds small, his voice quiet and subdued. Like.... like he had lost.

“Please return.”

Like he had given up.

“If you do not wish to watch it, then don’t. But I cannot- We cannot watch it without your presence. Grayson… he wanted us all there. I want to hear it.”

For the first time, Damian sounds younger than his age would suggest. 

“I need to hear it.”

It ends, the message short, and within the next hour, he is pulling up to the Manor driveway and swallowing back waves of discomfort. When he enters, Alfred simply hugs him briefly before directing him to the Cave.

Nothing had changed in his absence. All of them still looked tired and dirty. Worn out. Beaten.

Grief. It was an ugly thing.

Cass greets him silently, taking his hand and rubbing small circles into it. He doesn’t try to figure out if it's done for his comfort or hers, knowing that the world of emotion and body language was something he’d never be able to understand like she did.

Tim and Damian watch as he approaches, their faces hollowed out with the darkness of the Cave. The youngest avoids eye contact, but Tim makes it a point to stare, something akin to understanding and a bit of anger residing in his face. Like he knows why Jason ran. Like he knows what’s going on in his head.

Jason refuses to think too hard about it.

Duke and Steph are off to the side, sitting on the medical gurneys, purposefully sectioning themselves off. They never knew Dick like the rest of them did. Never really formed a solid relationship, something they knew they could rely on at all times. But Dick loved them anyway, considering them family the moment they decided to partner with the Bat. Nothing would change that.

Sometimes, Jason wondered how he did that. How Dick managed to love so freely and give out his care like it was limitless without expecting anything in return.

He’ll never admit it, but when he glances over to the only redhead in the room, his steps falter and he is quick to look away. Barbara… she hadn’t been the same. Not even close to normal. Closed off. Constantly day dreaming and looking far off into the distance. She sits primly in her chair, hands folded neatly and face straight forward, but there is nothing lively about her.

A part of her had died with the first Boy Wonder.

And Bruce, damnit, Jason doesn’t want to even think about what’s going on in the older man’s head. Doesn’t want to know if he’s grieving or completely dissociated from the problem. The only reason he’s stuck around the Manor for so long is to make sure some fucking memorial isn’t set up. Some fucking shrine to commemorate Dick like he was just some soldier who died on the battle field, his costume displayed in white light as some “reminder” of the cost of the lives they led.

Like he did with Jason.

He breathes harshly through his nose, walking stiffly with Cass until they’re within ten feet of the Batcomputer. He refuses to get any closer, and Cass merely squeezes his hand again before letting go and standing besides Barbara. 

Bruce doesn’t even glance at him as his hands fly over the keyboard, pulling up the same video from what feels like a lifetime ago. His hands do stall over the play button though, as if hesitating, and all Jason can think is,

Fuck that.

He does nothing though and simply crosses his arms as he stares at the paused image of the eldest of the brood. He hadn’t noticed it last time, was too confused with himself and angry at the person speaking, but Dick looked.... tired. Horribly so. 

His shoulders are slumped, there’s a hand in his hair that’s in the middle of pulling, and his face looks so old. There are deep lines etched into his forehead, years of worry and stress placing them there. His cheeks are slightly hollowed, skin papery thin, face bare of any real color, and there’s a slight unkempt stubble dotting his jawline. 

Jason swallows and tries to ignore that little voice in his head that chimes in with, ‘He looks that way because he’s sick. He’s dying.’

“Bruce?”

And suddenly Tim is there, having appeared silently besides the graying bat. His question rouses the older man and before any of them can say anything, he presses play and all attention is immediately on the screen.

“I am so sorry.”

Jason has to force himself not to scoff, the habit rising in the back of his throat, but hearing those words again, the apology that shouldn’t have to be said, makes him feel sick.

“It’s not my intention to make you feel guilty or mad at yourselves for not noticing or whatever bullshit idea comes into those brains of yours,” Dick says, knowing that that was exactly what they were all doing. He scowls, staring at the camera for what seems like an eternity, uncanny in his ability to make you feel judged when he wasn’t even there.

“I know this is something that’s going to change a lot of things. I’m not going to pretend like my role in this corporation, family, or whatever it is we call ourselves, isn’t important. My job as Nightwing, a cover story or cover death, or whatever you guys decide to do, is going to mess up a lot of people.”

Damian can feel his lip curling back on instinct. No matter what he said, or what he claimed to know, Richard Grayson would never understand exactly how important he is. Was. Of course his… absence was going to change things. Every time someone was gone, it always changed things. Nightwing would be missed, sure, but someone could always step in and take his name. The very idea disgusts Damian, but he knows it’s plausible.

It’s what they all did with the name Robin.

But no one could ever replace Richard. No one could ever replace his Batman.

“And I know…” Dick pauses for a moment, rubbing at his face and stopping to breathe in deeply. “I know it’s going to mess up you guys, and I’m going to say it aloud because I know out of everyone watching this, except maybe Barbara and Duke, I’m the most emotionally stable. Always have been.” A small pause. “Well, besides Alfred of course”

It’s a really bad joke, borderline insensitive, but it startles a laugh out of Steph, who is quick to smother it. Her muffled silence triggers a small snort from Tim, his eyes straining as he stares a hole into the floor. They’re both ignored, noises and poorly concealed tears aside, in favor of keeping their eyes glued to the glow of the screen.

“So out with it it is- my death is going to screw you up. I’m dead and it’s going to mess you up. There, it’s said and done and over with. You don’t have to process it or strain yourselves too hard trying to ignore that little tidbit right there. I’m dead, and that’s… that’s going to be hard to recover from.

It’s crass to put it like this, but you all are the most resilient people I’ve ever met. I know you’ll pull through, you’ve managed it before, but it’s going to be tough and I-”

Something aches, harsh and deep like a knife wound, as they hear the crack in his voice. As they see with their own eyes as Dick attempts to shield his face for a moment, as if they couldn’t see the horrible sadness drenching his face already.

Duke looks away, biting his lip as he feels his own eyes begin to water. He’ll never have the same connection with the man like everyone else did in the room, but Nightwing had been one of his idols. The picture of perfection and everything a hero should be. And he was.

Nightwing had been every bit as perfect and amazing as everyone had said. And Dick Grayson? The man behind the mask? Duke had never met a kinder, more open person in his life. Someone so selfless in every aspect of their life, constantly giving and providing and being so good. 

Duke understands why they say never to meet your heroes. They often disappoint your expectations, but Dick blew past all of them. And now, to see him so broken and to see him dead.... God, it was all so messed up.

It takes a few seconds, harsh breathing and a battle for control, but Dick eventually looks up again. He still looks wrecked and grievously tired, but he can speak again.

“I will never be sorry enough for letting that happen to you all. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to apologize enough, but I know that’s not why you’re still watching this. I hate apologies, we all do, but I don’t think I ever get tired of saying them. There’s this rotten little part of me that thinks that if I say it enough times, if the words come out of my mouth more often than not, then the fuck up I did won’t seem as big.”

Another pause. A deep breath. Shaking shoulders.

“I love you guys. That’s another thing I never said enough, but I always tried my best to show how much I loved you. Maybe it’s just another thing to add to the list, but I wish I had shown you guys more often.  I love you all so much. You are my everything. My world. At this point, you are my sole reason for making this. For going through with this.”

He gestures vaguely towards the camera, as if pointing to the people watching through it, and a part of Tim’s brain screams, what does that mean? Dying? Making the video? Tim tells his brain to shut up.

“I think I loved you all too much,” Dick says, like it’s some sort of confession. A secret he’s not even sure he’s ready to admit. To say out loud to the world. “ I know it’s not something any of us are comfortable saying, it seems like such an insincere and irresponsible thing to say in our world, but it’s true. It’s probably the most truthful thing I’ve ever said in my life. 

I love you guys. So much.”

For a moment, the words ring loud and clear, a sort of heavy clarity settling over the group. It’s true, they don’t say it much, have hardly said it more than ten times, and the words sit like salt in the mouth, but something inside alights with pure joy every time those words are said. Their hearts’ flutter, skips a beat, and euphoria is something rarely experienced, but it dances in their brains for days after.

It’s a sentiment scarcely uttered, but distance makes the heart grow fonder, and oh, how those words are what they needed to hear. Are what they needed to reassure themselves about, because what if it wasn’t true? What if the happiest, funniest, and most sane person in their little messed up family didn’t love them? What if the best of all of them died hating them?

What would they do then?

What would they do if Dick didn’t love them?

“Whether you believe it or not, each and every one of you are my family. It's an estranged and troubled family for sure, but there is nothing in the world I wouldn’t trade or do for you all. I’ve done it before, and I’ll gladly do it a thousand times over again, even if it ends with you hating me. I won’t make the promise that my actions were the best ones. That the option I picked given the array of choices spread out was the one with the most amount of pros or least amount of cons. In the end, this was my decision.”

It is all Cassandra can do but stare in awe at her family as the video continues to play. She sees the way Dick’s shoulders are tense, sees the way his eyes squint just a slightly, how his hands fidget and move towards his jaw as if pained. She sees this all, and yet her family seems blind to it. Blind to the fact that Dick is lying to them. She’s not completely sure which part of it all he’s lying about, doesn’t know the right way to word it or say something about it, so she stays quiet.

Stays silent and continues to observe her brothers, sisters, and new-father willingly eat up every word that comes out of the former eldest’s mouth. A part of her wants to feed into the lie as well, ignore the signs and red-flags, because this is Dick. This is Nightwing. 

He is part of her family, and she loves her family and trusts them entirely. So, why would he lie?

“I’ve been plagued my entire life by regret. It’s an evil little thing, isn’t it? I had hoped that one day this heaviness inside of me would go away, that all my mistakes and regrets from choices I made and didn’t make would disappear. However, this isn’t something I regret. Maybe the way I’m leaving you is regretful, but being who I am is something I cannot regret.

Being Richard Grayson led me to you, Bruce, and that’s possibly the best thing that could’ve ever happened to me.”

For the first time, all attention shifts to the graying man sitting in the computer chair. His eyes are closed, and there’s this subtle but sad tilt to his lips, but anyone with half a brain can tell that he’s listening. That his heart is racing at the possibility that he might’ve done something good for one of his children. That there’s this slight trace of what might be hope rising in his chest that his first son might’ve been happy to be his.

That Dick might’ve been happy to be a Wayne.

“Being Robin opened up new doors for me, new worlds and feelings, and I met one of the most extraordinary people I’ve ever had the honor to meet. That’s you, if you didn’t already know, Barbara.”

There’s a small sniff from the red head, a wetness building and threatening to spill, but her gaze is strong as she meets those bright blue eyes head on. She is proud. She knows she is extraordinary. She knows that Dick thought the world of her. But she also knows that she was never as great as he claimed her to be.

“I remember being angry when I first became Nightwing, obvious by my first outfit choice I’m sure, but I don’t regret leaving Robin to you, Jason. I’m proud of you. I got the privilege to watch you become the man you are today, and even though it was a rocky start, I’m proud. So proud.”

If he had the will power, Jason could probably come up with some remark on how patronizing Dick sounded, how degrading it was to act as if he didn’t hate his guts at the start, but the lump in his throat refuses to let any of those words out. He’s not about to cry, his eyes are dry, but the weight, the grief , in his chest hurts even more than the first time. Is this what Dick felt like when he died?

Had Dick really seen him as a brother?

“Robin has always just been a name, a persona, but it was never something I should’ve taken away from you, Tim. There is a weight to the name itself, and you carried it so well, but I don’t regret pushing you into making something of your own. You have always been your own person, regardless of what others tell you.”

It’s always been a touchy subject, the second Batman’s rejection of the third Robin. Tim understands it better now, it’s been years after all, but there is still a sore spot that hates to be prodded. It was a special kind of hurt to know that you were overqualified but still denied the job in favor of someone else. However, Tim doesn’t think he would’ve had it any other way. Red Robin is his, and his alone. No one could take that from him.

“Steph, Duke, Cass, you… you guys deserved more from me. I won’t make the claim that I tried my best to bond with you guys at the start, that’s an unfortunate habit of mine, but I want to believe that right now, we can consider each other family. I’ve known each of you for some time now, and these years have been phenomenal. You’ve taught me so much, changed my perspective on so many things, and I am forever grateful I met you guys. You’re a bigger part of my world than you’ve been led to believe. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that.”

The three of them share a glance, knowing they are more or less branches of the bat family tree. They acknowledge that fact with dignity, there is no malice at not being part of the roots, the origins, but sometimes, and they’ll never admit it, they do wish they could hold that special position. That they could share the honors, the pains, the tragedies, and everything else that connect Batman and his sons so strongly. Dick, in the later years of their involvement, made an effort to bring them closer together, but it was never the same. 

They still appreciated him for trying though.

He made them a part of the family after all.

“Robin.”

Dick says it with reverence, as if speaking about a long forgotten memory he’s only just recalled, and his face is pinched in longing. An ache and desire so deep it wounds and continues to hurt long after the blow is dealt. It was once his name, too. His first name, the name his mother gave him on the days where the world was just that bit brighter. The days where life wasn’t so hard and the nights were only filled with hopeful dreams.

He says it now, addressing the latest heir to the mantle. Damian’s eyes are locked in on the screen, focused and attentive to every word. He is waiting for his turn. He is waiting for Dick’s words for him.

His last words for him.

“Robin,” Dick says again, the name still holy on his tongue, stars in his eyes and face, even as his voice cracks and falters, “I’m so happy I got to be your Batman, your partner, and your brother. We were the best, Damian. The best.”

Damian did not cry when his father called him to share the news. He did not cry when they showed him Richard’s body. He refused to feel anything at the funeral, regardless of the wet faces around him. Crying was a weakness. A sign to the enemy that emotions could get the better of you during times of crisis. That you were only human, and thus fallible. Breakable. Weak.

But Richard… Richard had never believed any of that. He had believed with every nerve of his body that emotions were a good thing. That they were a sign of strength, a sign of humanity rather than mortality. That tears and snot and a sniveling and pitiable disposition was nothing to be ashamed of. Damian had never understood how any of those things could be taken in a prideful manner though.

He wished he did. He wished he saw the world the way Richard did.

It is the past tense that finally breaks him. The were in that small sentence that sends the tears cascading and his chest stuttering. How? How could anyone find strength in such a miserable state? How did Richard manage to do it? 

It was never supposed to be “ were the best”.  They are the best. They are Batman and Robin. They are Nightwing and Robin. They are Richard Grayson and Damian Wayne, the best. 

But there is no “They” anymore, is there?

Dick’s smile is filled with sickness, leaking distress from every pore and splitting at its edges. He smiles though, squeezes his eyes together and smiles like it’s the only thing he’s ever been able to do. Like it’s the only thing that’s keeping him going. This is just a glimpse for them. A glimpse into his world when it was all falling apart. When it was ending.

When he was dying.

“Be good and take care of each other. I’ll see you on the other side.”
Notes:

    So, I met a wonderful reader on tumblr who goes by @viceturtle and they are extremely talented and generous and wonderful and they made this BEAUTIFUL fanarts for chapter one!!

    Dick looking in the monitor

    Jason getting upset

Chapter 2: A Glimpse of the Aftermath
Notes:

    Please mind the tags

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“We come to you tonight with some breaking celebrity news. Bruce Wayne, billionaire and CEO of Wayne Enterprises, was just spotted teary eyed and shaking at the Bludhaven Regional Medical Center. We have been unable to verify with the Waynes as of yet what the cause is for the billionaire’s appearance at the hospital, but we will keep you all updated as more news comes.”

. . .

“Following up on the Wayne story from earlier today, one of our reporters was able to confirm that Richard Grayson, eldest ward of the billionaire, is the reason for Bruce Wayne’s appearance in the Bludhaven hospital. Richard claims Bludhaven as his home away from home, and actively works as a police officer in Gotham’s sister city. Though no further details have been released as of yet, Wayne Enterprise has assured the media that a statement will eventually be put out. For now, we can only speculate on the reason for the unfortunate visit.”

. . .

“Good evening, Gotham. We have just received tragic information. Richard “Dick” Grayson, former trapeze artist and ward of billionaire Bruce Wayne, is dead. In a statement released on the Wayne Enterprise social medias, it has been confirmed that Richard died yesterday at the Bludhaven Regional Medical Center. The Wayne family has requested that the media and the public respect their privacy during this grief stricken time and ask no further questions. Gotham is deeply saddened by the news of one of our beloved prince’s passing. Our condolences go out to the Waynes.”

“Well, Ken, I’m just as shocked as everyone else is. I mean, this just seems so out of nowhere. Richard’s death doesn’t seem like an accident, but it was just so sudden. I’m sure all of Gotham is looking for answers, and I must admit, I have my own suspicions over all of this.”

“Care to share those thoughts, Karen?”

“Honestly, this all smells like a PR stunt. It’s possible Wayne Enterprises is looking for some more press coverage on their voting activity. We all know Commissioner Gordon and Bruce Wayne are quite close, and the position for Police Chief just opened up. Horrifyingly, the timing of Richard’s death and the elections coming up are too close to one another to not be connected.”

“I have to agree with you on that. It’s all quite suspicious. So, do you think his death was staged?”

“I can’t say for certain. Richard appeared quite healthy a couple weeks ago, no signs of illness or him lying on his deathbed, haha! Perhaps the wealthy are just that good with cosmetics, Ken!”

“They certainly have the money to spend for such things! Rumor has it that Bruce Wayne has had many surgeries in the past to cover up....”

“So, I know all of Gotham and even our sister city, Bludhaven, have been dying to know more details surrounding the death of former circus boy turned heir to one of the most profitable enterprises in the world, Richard Grayson. Well, wonder no more! I have insider information from a very reliable source, who has requested to remain anonymous, that- get this- the twenty nine year old died from an exotic disease found only in the Caribbean! Now, when the source told me this, I was floored. Floored! You would think a healthy and quite wealthy young man, especially one as attractive as the late heir, would’ve found a way to treat such a disease. Makes you wonder if there was something more going on behind the scenes, right?

Here’s my theory, lovely listeners. I believe that the late heir was murdered because he found something out he wasn’t supposed to. Now, I have two subsets on that theory. The Waynes are old money, going back to colonial times, and I’m willing to bet my life that they’ve dipped their fingers in a couple bad pies, if you catch my drift. As the saying goes, curiosity killed the cat. I imagine it was a situation like that of Diana and the royal family.

My second subset is that, as most people know, the former circus boy was a police officer infamous for weeding out and snitching on the ‘corrupt cops’ in Bludhaven. Well, that kind of reputation is bound to end in some serious bad blood. Mayhaps something slipped into the unsuspecting officer’s drink as a consequence of his history.”

“Mr.Wayne, Mr.Wayne! What do you have to say about the recent podcasts about Mr.Grayson and the allegations surrounding them?”

“No comment.”

“Mr.Wayne! Can you tell us more about what the future of Wayne Enterprises will look like now that one of its prominent shareholders is gone?”

“We will continue on as we always have. Richard’s share will be kept open, and as per his request, any money gained from that will be donated.”

“Mr.Wayne! Is it true that you will be giving your support to Jim Gordon during the upcoming P.D office switches?”

“Yes, Jim has been one of the supporting figures in my life and I can proudly call him one of my closest friends. I believe Jim can help restore balance in Gotham streets by becoming Chief.”

“Is this a biased benefit or do you actually believe Gordon will do more to help Gotham crime?”

“I fully believe that Jim Gordon will do all he can in improving Gotham for the better. The man has no secret agenda to better himself. He truly wishes to help people, and for that reason, he has my vote.”

“And what of the Batman and his entourage? If Gordon has plans to clean up the streets, does that include the vigilantes?”

“I do not know the intimate details of Gordon’s plan for betterment, but it is my hope that with his help, Batman will no longer be needed. Perhaps in the future, Gotham’s Dark Knight will retire and Gotham will become a brighter city filled with hope rather than misery.”

“Mr.Wayne! Please, the public wants to know more about Richard-”

“I’m sorry, but that’s all the time I have. No further questions.”

“Excuse me, Timothy, how are you coping with your recent loss?”

“Sorry, but I won’t answer any questions outside of scheduled interviews.”

“Come on, all of Gotham is curious. Dick, ah what a funny name, was a prominent figure in their lives too. We practically watched him grow up. Gotham has a right to know about what led to his death.”

“If you have questions, you can go to one of the press events, but we asked not to be approached on the streets.”

“Do you feel no grief over your semi-brother's death?”

“What? Of course, but please, we want to be left alone right now.”

“What about you, Damian? Seeing as you’re the newest addition to the Wayne family, I’m sure this is all quite-”

“Are you deaf? Drake asked you to leave us alone. I would suggest you do so before I have you arrested for harassment.”

“Now, that’s not nice, Damian. We’re just asking you questions, it’s in our rights to do so. I suppose you’re still learning manners and such, seeing as you were raised in such an exotic environment. The similarities between you and your brother’s upbringing are striking. You have that in common, though Dick eventually learned to act normal.

Tell me, when your brother was still alive, did he still speak with that weird, vampirish accent when he was away from the public? Or did he learn to speak normally too?”

“Sir, I’m not going to ask this again. If you don’t leave immediately, it’s in my rights to sue you for harassment.”

“Come now, be reasonable- oh my god, Damian, are you crying? Are those actual tears? I guess you are an emotional child after all. Wow, this is really something!”

“Damian? Damian, what’s wrong? What- oh.”

“I suppose you miss your big brother quite a lot, right-”

“You’ll be hearing from our lawyers soon, sir. Let’s go, Damian. Alfred won’t wait forever.”

“In light of all the speculation and recent accostment of two of my sons, I have decided to answer a few of your questions. Now, I am doing so to end the harassment to my family and the employees at Wayne Enterprises. I am angry and greatly disappointed at those who have gone out of their way to ignore my family’s request to remain unbothered by the media. Once I have answered these questions, I will not speak further on the matter. If any news, blogs, podcasts, or any other forms of media decide to further speculate and spread defamation on Richard, myself, or anyone associated with the Waynes, I will put an end to it and take legal action. I can assure those thinking of testing their luck that the outcome will not be favorable for them.”

“Mr.Wayne, can you tell us about the circumstances surrounding Mr.Grayson’s death?”

“Richard was diagnosed with terminal cancer about six months ago. He decided to forgo treatment and made the decision to live out the rest of his days as best as he could.”

“He appeared completely fine in public though.”

“My eldest has always been very strong. Being a symbol of strength to not only his family, but his peers as well, was one of his most notable qualities.”

“Did you know about the diagnosis before Richard’s passing?”

“No. Out of concern for his family, he decided to keep the diagnosis private. My family and I respect his decision, as it was not ours to make.”

“What are your plans for the future?”

“For now, I am uncertain. Currently, there are plans being put into place to set up a new fund for the terminally ill, which will be named after my eldest. Wayne Enterprises will continue on, and my family and I will take time to ourselves to recover.”

“And how are you doing, Mr.Wayne? How are you coping?”

.

.

.

“Mr.Wayne?”

He’s tired. It’s a bone deep tired, right down to the cellular level, and the confusing grief inside of him isn’t helping either.

Dick has been “dead” for about a month now. They buried him three days after they pulled him from the morgue, then two weeks later, the video Will was brought to their attention by some lawyer Dick had been friends with when he worked with the Investigation Division in Bludhaven. During those two weeks, the media had been relentless in their pursuit for more information on the very private and intimate details of their lives. 

Not even four hours after Bruce had called him to break the news, half of Gotham had already figured out what had happened. Sometimes, Tim forgets how public their lives are. How there are eyes constantly watching them, waiting for the next gossip story to spread and indulge in for the next few days. The rumors that jumped to life were disgusting, suggestions of some political plot in the mix of the “former circus boy’s” death beyond repulsive to hear and read about. 

He can’t blame them. He sees where they’re coming from, the abruptness of Dick’s death shocking to Gothamites. Of course, to battle with this shock, people had to create stories and explanations to combat their unpreparedness. It would seem absurd for them not to notice someone dying when they were the son of someone as infamous as Bruce Wayne. The public eye prides itself in knowing every detail of a celebrities life, so to have this thrown in their faces without warning is startling and slightly maddening for them.

So, yeah. Tim gets it. 

That doesn’t mean he doesn’t hate them for it though.

It’d been a long time since he’d been approached so often by paparazzi and personal bloggers alike. The cameras flashing in his face, the deeply personal and frankly disconcerting questions, the constant looking over his shoulder only to see someone rushing over with a microphone in hand. Who even revels in the face of a crying person? Or asks someone if they’re sad over their brother’s death? He knows he and Damian aren’t the most vocal about their feelings, but come on.

Of course he’s fucking sad. Devastated actually. Crushed. Extremely dismayed. Going slightly psychotic over trying to figure out if Dick is actually dead or not.

Yeah, he’ll admit it. He has his doubts. He has so many doubts that its nearly driven him crazy grappling with the idea of another fake death. They’ve all done the stunt once or twice in their lives. Jason managed to pull it off for years before any of them thought to wonder, “Hm, who is that strange man in the red helmet?” Steph died dramatically too, off to who-knows-where because of Leslie. 

Damian was a special case, but here he was. Alive. Breathing. Not dead.

Bruce never really died per-say, but they held a funeral and Dick became Batman. That’s as good as dead if you ask him.

Dick pulled the stunt once, and it messed all of them up. To this day, Tim is surprised at how much it messed them up. And to hear that he’d let them all believe he was dead, told no one except Bruce so he could go off to Spyral and gallivant around without a care in the world? Frankly, Tim whole-heartedly believes he deserved that punch in the face.

You don’t do that to someone. You don’t do that to your family. Especially on purpose. He can understand everyone else’s circumstances, they had no choice in the matter, but Dick had all the opportunities to say something. Even a year after his return, Dick still refused to say anything about the circumstances that led to his infiltration of Spyral, and it has rubbed Tim the wrong way ever since.

Dick has done a lot of things in his life that have rubbed people the wrong way. He’s pissed off a lot of people, but somehow manages to seek and receive forgiveness every time. 

Tim gets it. He does. Dick is a likable person. He’s a ray of light for a lot of people, especially considering the crowd he surrounds himself with. No matter what kind of shit spray comes his way, somehow , Dick always manages to bounce back. Mission gone wrong? No worries, he’s got a backup plan and encouragement to go with it. Dead friend? He’s there as a shoulder to cry on, and when he’s the one grieving, he never lets himself indulge in his sadness for long. Hell, dead family member? Dick will try his damned hardest to fill that void, either with himself or someone more capable of fulfilling the role.

Tim. Gets. It.

But he still refuses to believe that Dick would leave them out to dry like he just did with his “death”. No. No way would he do that. It doesn’t fit his character profile to just die out of nowhere with no backup plan or explanation. It doesn’t make sense for him to-- god, what are they going to do? 

What are they going to do without Dick Grayson in their lives?

Just like Jason said earlier, Dick doesn’t just get to apologize for something like this and expect everything to stitch itself back together. People don’t work like that. They have never worked like that.

So, yeah. Sue him for believing that Dick isn’t actually dead. Of course, the mountain of evidence left behind that validates his reason for being buried is quite substantial, but documents can be faked and stories can be made up. Again, they, meaning the entire Batman Corporation and literally half the hero community, have done it before. Have disappeared without a trace and thought dead only to return a few months later with some ridiculous story or half-assed explanation and excuse.

It’s completely plausible. He’s not crazy for thinking the entire thing is fabricated.

Even with his shaky but still there belief, Tim’s heart still clenches painfully when he thinks about his brother. The phone call from Bruce had felt like a dream, his voice watery and filled with yet another layer of unresolved grief. Tim was the last one to arrive at the hospital, and no one uttered a word as they were taken to the morgue for identification.

Of course, Tim knows Bruce had already identified the body and matched the name to the face. He knows that the only reason the hospital let that many people into such a solitary and horrible room was because Bruce Wayne had asked them to. And he knows the only reason Bruce asked was because he knew that they needed closure so they wouldn’t spend the rest of their lives wondering if it was actually true or not.

Tim has always been a firm believer in the truth of a body at a crime scene. It’s why he continued to search for Bruce for all those months. There had been no body. No evidence to prove a death. Nothing at all.

And yet, there Richard Grayson had lain; pale, feet beginning to purple, and black hair splayed like a halo. His eyes had been closed, and something inside of Tim had torn itself apart at the idea that he’d never get to see that hue of blue again. That his voice would never reach that particular pitch when he was genuinely happy. That he’d never give out another hug for comfort or joy.

Even at the funeral he couldn’t stand the idea of seeing such a lifeless face, and it was unanimously decided for a closed coffin. No one in attendance wanted the reminder of how fallible the once untouchable had been. Watching him be lowered into the ground, mere feet away from where his parents ashes rested, Tim couldn’t help but think that this was actually goodbye.

That this was truly the end.

There had been a body. Tim had seen the body. Seen it and stared at it with his own eyes until they stung and he couldn’t bear to look any longer.

There were pages and pages of medical documents, PET scans, X-Rays, and even an MRI. All of them checked out, all of them were legit, and Tim had gone as far as to “steal” the autopsy report. He still hadn’t dared to look at it too closely, something about the idea of looking at scans of his dead brother compared to scans of when he was alive disturbing and indecent.

In the end, all of it ticked the correct boxes and seemingly nothing was amiss. Nothing was wrong. The proof was there.

And yet, despite his own previous beliefs and all the factual evidence piled up against him, Tim still couldn’t believe Dick was dead. He had grieved once over him, and Tim wasn’t ready to restart that process. He doesn’t think he could handle it a second time.

It just couldn’t be true. People like Dick don’t just die. It’s just not possible.

But, then again, Dick had always managed to do the impossible.

“Batman?”

“Yes?”

“What are we going to do about Bludhaven? They’re bound to notice that Nightwing is… absent.”

“We’ll talk about that later.”

“But, I just think that, ya know, with so many gangs and crime lords over there, it’ll-”

“Not now, Red Robin.”

“Jim doesn’t have district control over there! Everything Nightwing worked for is going to go to shit if we don’t think of something to rectify-”

“I know! I know that! I... I’ll think of something later, but our focus needs to be here. It needs to be in the present. Distractions-- we cannot allow ourselves to become distracted. Not now.”

“It’s never going to be the right time, is it?”

“No, it’s not. I’m sorry.”

He should be ashamed of himself. If Mother knew of what he had been doing this last month, she would punish him. She would tell him that he was being childish and foolish, that he should never have allowed his emotions to take control over him so easily. She would demand answers from him, reasons on why he’s allowed himself to indulge in fantasies and tears when faced with reality.

Even now, just thinking about her disappointment and anger in him were she ever to find out sends his heart thundering and his head aching.

And what of Father? What would he have to say about his sniveling excuse of a son? Father had hardly done anything in the past month besides patrol and the occasional press conference. Just the thought of the reason for him to hold the conferences sends Damian into a spiral of self-loathing and guilt.

Watching the poorly edited video of that blogger doesn’t even feel real. Had he really done that? Had he really been brought to tears over the mere mention of his deceased brother? The boy in that video couldn’t have been Damian Wayne, blood-son and heir to Bruce Wayne and the mantle of Batman. No, Damian Wayne is strong. He is composed. He is fearless. He has no weaknesses.

And yet, that small boy in the video had succumbed to poorly concealed emotions and allowed himself to be vulnerable and exposed. He had been but a child , and it was to his great embarrassment that Drake had been the one to take control of the situation.

Sometimes, Damian wonders what Drake thinks of him. Really thinks of him. Past the obvious resentment, Damian wonders if Drake feels compassion towards the youngest. What were his motives, back then? Why had he been so slow to defend himself from the blogger, but quick to take control once it was clear Damian was incapable? He couldn’t think of any logical reason behind it. In all actuality, it would have benefitted Drake more if he had left the blogger alone and allowed him to continue his inane questions.

So, why? Why had he done it?

Why should Damian even care what Drake thinks of him or what his motives were?

A part of him says that he cares what others think of him. That he wants their approval, as if the validation from his peers is what makes him so great. An even smaller part of him whispers that he wants their trust and approval because Richard had given it to him. That Richard had been the only one to let him prove himself without looking down on him for his age.

Even now, Father, Drake, and Todd don’t completely trust his abilities. Always questioning if he should be allowed to go on the more dangerous or gruesome missions. Always assuming he didn’t have the skills or knowledge to complete a task deemed too hard for the likes of a “Robin”.

Richard had believed in him. Richard had trusted him. Richard had looked at him as an equal, a partner, a necessary aspect to his Batman, rather than a liability.

When he patrols with Father, he senses that same trust, but there is always lingering doubt in the way his Father moves or slows his pace for his benefit. As if he believes that despite all the training Damian had gone through, both under the League of Assassins and Batman, that he could not keep up. That he would fall behind if not looked after. That he was incapable of reaching the standards set out before him.

The very idea repulses Damian, sends his blood boiling and his stomach convulsing. 

Why, after four years of faithfully standing by their sides, did no one trust him? What else must he do to prove to them that he could do it all? That he was more than competent? 

Why does no one look at him the way Richard had?

The thought hurts him, the tell-tale burn in the back of his eyes a dead give away to the answers he is looking for. 

There is only one common denominator in all his questions, all his theories, all his doubts and fury. There is something about him that they don’t trust. It is the reality that no matter how hard he works, how loyal he is, how many times he proves himself over and over again; no matter what he does, there is an inherent part of him all refuses to trust. Perhaps even he himself is wary of that leeching aspect of his nature.

There is something wrong with him. Something vile and monstrous that can’t be looked past. Perhaps it is the blood that has stained his hands since he was six. Perhaps it is the honor he found himself basking in every time he was praised by Grandfather. Maybe it’s because he was not meant to be in this world but forced himself to be present anyway. 

No one had wanted him when he first arrived. Mother had told him his only goal in life was to replace Batman, to become the greatest warrior there ever was, and when he had come to the wretched steps of Gotham and discovered that not only had there been one, but four predecessors to the mantle and all had failed; even to this day he cannot describe the feeling. Apprehension possibly. Apprehension at the idea of trying to succeed where so many, admittedly, great warriors had fallen. There was a small bit of smug pride, however, at the prospect of being the first to succeed. His birthright to the throne.

That only a Wayne, born of blood, could ever be worthy enough.

And yet he had been turned away and scorned by all except one. 

He misses Richard. Terribly so. It is an admission he feels uncomfortable exploring, the idea of missing someone so horribly that it interferes with his work shameful. Is he not supposed to be better than this? Is he not supposed to power through and ignore the awful ache inside of him everytime he mistakenly thinks of calling Nightwing? Is he not supposed to be able to ignore the thought of how wonderfully sad it would be to watch Disney movies until the early hours of morning, the hope that some distant memories of he and Richard’s time together clawing its way back to the forefront of his mind?

Is he not supposed to be able to calm his racing heart every time a vision of ghostly pale features and empty eyes startles him awake? Is he not supposed to hide his disgraceful tears that spring to life when all he wants is for them to remain as dead as his brother? And what of the others? They all carry on faithfully, without fault, and yet here he sits, alone, contemplating his role now that his confidant and support is gone.

You truly are but a child, Damian thinks, the encroaching feeling of hot tears returning again. What would Richard think of this pitious disposition?

He thinks it scornfully, an attempt at scolding himself and banishing the heaviness that cloaks him, but the voice inside of him won’t shut up with its incessant reminders that, no, Richard would not be disappointed. 

He wouldn’t yell or be angry at his sadness. He wouldn’t care that Damian had been sloppy on patrol or that he had secluded himself from the rest of this scavenged family. If anything, Richard would sit with him in the dark room, perhaps even begin humming or talking or doing anything to keep the silence away. And if he was lucky, Richard may even have reached over and placed a hand in his hair for comfort. Perhaps even a hug to replace the storm that covers his body. He would sit with him for hours in the dark room, even spend the night, and he wouldn’t care if Damian never said a word.

He wouldn’t care because Richard trusted him. He knows that sometimes he just doesn’t know the right words to express his thankfulness or distaste or happiness. He is aware of all his faults, perhaps more so than anyone else in the entire world, and yet Richard still trusted him.

Damian might even be bold enough to call it love.

That Richard had loved him enough to look past his lawless deeds and his acts of terror upon anyone who dared question his place. That Richard had loved him to the point where he saw Damian. Actually saw Damian Al-Ghul Wayne as himself and not the warrior he had been born to be.

He had asked once, plucked up the courage to be daring, what it meant to love. 

“Love?” Richard had said, curious and surprised. Immediately, Damian had backtracked, embarrassment quickly replacing any bravery that had taken residence. It was a stupid question after all. Everyone knew what love was and he was just being idiotic-

“I think,” the older man started, thoughtful and wistful, “to love is to be truly happy. Peaceful. I’m still trying to figure out what it is, but I think the closest I’ve ever come to it is happiness.”

“And what of it?” Damian had demanded. “What makes someone worthy of love if it is merely happiness?”

Richard had given him this strange look, and Damian always hated it when Richard would look at him so. It meant that he was reading him, understanding and becoming privy to the thought process he kept hidden. 

“Dami, no one has to be worthy to love. It’s not something you have to earn or deserve. It just is. Love is for everyone.”

The idea that it was something you didn’t have to work for, that it was just given, was absurd. There had not been a single thing in his life he did not have to earn or demand. The very clothes on his back he had labored and trained many years for. The only reason he was alive was because he had been worthy enough for this life. He had proven himself enough to be alive. So what of love? 

“Even me?”

Damian does not mean to say it aloud, it was meant for him to think about by himself in the shelved corners of his mind, but it comes out anyway and of course Richard hears it. He hears it and Damian both hates and is attached to the way his eyes crease and head dips lower as he turns to fully face him.

“You exist. You are alive. That is more than enough for love, Damian.”

Now, Damian thinks back on those words, how they hadn’t fully settled and he had accepted them at surface level. Now, Damian wishes he had been able to express his gratitude. Been able to muster up the right words to tell Richard how much that had meant to him. 

Even in death, Richard somehow finds a way to bring comfort even to someone as undeserving as him. Since that day where they had gathered in the Cave to listen to his final goodbyes, Damian had clung to those words.

Batman. Partner. Brother. The best.

Not too long ago, Damian would have vehemently denied any sort of affection or special regard towards the first Robin. Right now though, he wishes nothing more than to tell Richard that he thinks he finally understands what love is. That it is painful and a tremendous weakness to boast about, but he thinks it might’ve been worth it. 

Loving Richard Grayson and being loved in return had been worth it.

“Oracle?”

“Yes, Robin?”

“Do you… think of him?”

“Almost all the time.”

“And do you miss him?”

“I miss him everyday. I’m waiting for the moment where it hurts just a little less. The moment where I feel just a bit more… me.”

“It seems we are both waiting in vain, then.”

“Maybe so, but I hope one day we won’t be.”

It’s raining in Gotham.

He shouldn’t be surprised. Somehow, Gotham always knew when one of its own was being tampered with, the whole damn city notorious for disastrous weather and even more disastrous people.

Because it’s raining, the ground is wet. Which means, if he’s not careful, he’ll leave footsteps behind. Traces of his existence. Evidence.

He is careful though. He is always careful, as he has taught himself to be. As he has trained himself to be. He is the product of years of labor, blood that is not his own, sweat that pours from every part of him, and decades and decades of hope and dreams that have always been just outside his grasp. This grave is his alter and the shovel is his prayer. 

The Court is his salvation and promise. 

Digging is not the hard part. His unnatural strength leaves no room for hesitance or disability. But, each shovel full of dirt leaves his arms shaking and his knees weak at the prospect of what lies beneath six feet of cold Gotham decay. He has never felt this expectant for something. This nervous. This… desperate for an outcome.

This place of ruin, this place of rot, this place of death. It is all something he will never know, never experience. Even the idea of one day coming to lay amongst the skeletons and festering corpses is unobtainable. 

Immortal? No, not really. But he is the closest man has ever come. He has outlived many of his employers and predecessors. In their eyes, perhaps he is immortal. God.

Do Gods pray to other Gods in the hope of blessings they cannot grant?

For some reason, once he is well and truly in the hole he has dug for himself, he half expects a coffin to meet the tip of his shovel. He reminds himself that this is only an empty grave though, filled only with ashes and long past memories of a life that was never his and could never have been. It is what’s next to this shallow loss that he is here for. What he has long been expecting and waiting for. The Court will be pleased, but he himself?

He is already elated. 

It is a long night of quiet digging that finally results in a body. He has seen many bodies before, created plenty of them splayed in their own halo of red, but to see the hollowed face of the one who is destined to kill him, destined to take his mantle and his only path of life. Destined to change everything once and for all.

The thought grounds him in a way that he has not felt in a very long time. The surety of this prospect, this guarantee that now lies in his arms, so close, so close to finally reaching fulfillment and fruition. The body is stiff and cold, but just so, he cradles it in his arms. He has no regrets about his choices in life. About his many years of existing and ending other’s existence. There has always been a hierarchy set in place, borders and lines that cannot be crossed. Standards that must never be broken.

The world claimed to be black and white, but here, in this graveyard full of hopeless forget-me-nots and woes of regret, there might be some gray residing in his great-grandson.
Notes:

    So, I had a fairly difficult time deciding how people would process their grief, and this was the outcome. I am actually quite happy with how Tim and Damian's characters came out. Quick note however: they are both processing their grief, and thus may say things they don't entirely mean. When Tim says he "whole-heartedly believes (Dick) deserved that punch in the face.", he isn't saying that with malice- more out of misplaced anger and sadness. (personally, I do not believe Dick deserved that, as he didn't really have a choice into dying and joining Spyral)

    Also! I had some songs in mind when trying to get into Tim and Damian's heads. If you would like a better feel into their emotions, here you go- Tim's song and Damian's song . I strongly recommend you listen to the lyrics closely!

    Lastly, wow, thank you so much for the positive responses on that first chapter! I was so blown away by all of your kindness, and I intend to reply to each review! Thank you for sticking around for this long note :)

    Please, let me know what you thought!

Chapter 3: Family Lens: Part I- The Unraveling
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

I wish I could have seen the signs. 

“Because I could not stop Death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and Immortality.” - Emily Dickinson

2 years and 5 months before the funeral

“Hello?”

“Hey, Duke, you doing anything right now?”

“Dude, it’s three a.m. I was sleeping.”

“Oh, right, sorry to bother.”

“You know what, yeah, it’s fine. Do you need something?”

“Nah, it’s all good. I can call someone else.”

“No, come on, just ask. I’m already up.”

“You’re sure?”

“God, Dick, just tell me or I’m hanging up if you keep stalling.”

“Okay, okay. Can you come over to my apartment?”

“Why?”

“I’m pretty sure I’ve got a concussion. Just need someone to watch me so I don’t, you know, convulse and die in my sleep.”

“Alright... fine,  I’m on my way. Should take me about 20 minutes; I’m at my cousin’s place tonight.”

“Thanks, Duke. Might need help with a couple patch jobs too, if you don’t mind.”

“If I’m going to babysit and stitch you up, you owe me at least two pizzas and an explanation.”

“That’s fair. See you soon.”

“Yeah, don’t die before I get there.”

“I’ll try my best not to.”

The call ends, and Duke scrubs his face tiredly. It’s really not unusual to be woken up in the extremely early hours of the morning, but this was his night off. Sleep was a blessing, and right now, he wasn’t getting it and that meant he was going to be groggy the next day. And when he was groggy, he had a hard time paying attention to things, and when that happened, he would slip up or forget about something or the other. Which was not good in his line of work.

Conclusion: Dick better be bleeding out on his couch when he got to his apartment or else he was going to do something.

Duke’s not sure exactly what he’d do, but oh boy, would he definitely do something.

The drive feels longer than 20 minutes, traffic abundant even at the godforsaken hour of three in the morning. Although Gotham is almost more known for its nightlife rather than its Dark Knight, Bludhaven gives it a run for its money with the amount of homeless, hookers, and who knows what else lurking under lampposts and in between alleyways. Duke has a hard time comprehending exactly why Dick loves the city so much, but then again, anyone who associated with Batman was hard to understand in general.

Eventually, he’s not really sure how, Duke finds a place to park that doesn’t look completely shady and liable for car theft, and walks the half block to Dick’s apartment complex. It’s one of those semi-secluded areas, sheltered away from the larger portions of the city and instead inhabited by the people who want to stay out of trouble. Mostly, at least. People keep their business to themselves, and if they see something that's suspicious… well, it’s not their problem. Maybe that’s why Dick likes Bludhaven; people know where not to stick their noses.

There’s no security besides a lone manager that looks half asleep, the dull glow of a smartphone illuminating his face. He doesn’t look up as Duke passes by, opting for the stairs instead of the rickety and possibly broken elevator, and merely grumbles when the game he’s playing dings unhappily. 

Another thing Duke will never understand is why Dick chooses to live in such a dumpy area. He gets it. Sort of. His day job doesn’t exactly pay well, no matter how many criminals he legally puts into jail, and his night job requires secrecy and at least some sort of privacy. But, here’s what doesn’t connect. Dick Grayson is the legal ward, no, scratch that, now legal son of Bruce freaking billionaire Wayne. Surely there’s a trust fund for him to dip his fingers into every now and again, right? 

Hell, Duke hasn’t even been working with the man for that long, but he’s already got a sizable sum dedicated exclusively to him and his needs, whether that be Signal or just to treat himself to a steak dinner. Spending someone else's money doesn’t always feel right, per say, but it's not like Duke isn’t going to take advantage of not worrying about where his rent money is going to come from. Not when he’s got other things to stress over.

Example A: Dick Grayson calling him over at three freaking a.m for a patch job for unknown injuries.

Duke inwardly groans at the thought, knowing that he wouldn’t be able to get any semblance of sleep for the rest of the night. Morning. Whatever. He’s not saying that he’d prefer sleep over helping out one of his associates, partners, (brothers?), but he’s not going to deny it either. He’s not usually the guy to call. He doesn’t usually do late night calls and surveillance while someone else is injured. Sure, he’s capable, but there’s just something missing that doesn’t make him the first guy to think of when you’re injured.

Obviously, something’s up. Duke’s not dumb, and of course he has questions. So, on top of an explanation for the injuries, he’s going to make it a point to inquire about why Dick called him.

He knocks on apartment door 43, waits for a few seconds, and then lets himself in with the spare key underneath the potted plant. It’s not original, nor is it exactly the most advanced security system, but it’s better than Dick hiding it under the obnoxious, comic sans font Welcome mat with a smiley face next to it; a gift from Jason last year, who fully expected Dick to use it. 

So, of course he did.

“Dick?” he calls out, shuffling off his coat and placing his shoes next to the misshapen pile of mud covered boots and converse. “I told you not to die before I got here.”

There’s some muffled sighing, possible a wheeze, before, “Sorry, Duke, couldn’t help it. The devil was especially tempting tonight. You ever seen him dance in the moonlight? Breathtaking, truly.”

“Har har. Clearly you’re not as injured as I was expecting.”

“More or less,” Dick admits, finally coming around the corner to meet Duke by the door. “Mostly stitched everything I could reach, medicated a bit, took a shower.”

“So why, exactly, am I here then? Not that I’m not grateful you thought to call, but come on. You couldn’t think of a better time to get your ass whooped?”

Dick chuckles, grin sliding around easily as he motions for Duke to follow him into the kitchen. “Well, I’m better, if that’s what you’re asking, but still concussed. And, like I said, still in need of help with a patch job. There’s a couple scratches on my back I couldn’t reach, and I need help popping my shoulder back in.”

Now that they’re in better lighting, Duke can finally see the extent of the ‘ass whooping’ and he whistles at the sight. Dick is marred with all kinds of bruises, a couple purple boot shaped prints and others large blotches of angry red. What’s more, the scratches he mentioned absolutely litter his torso and arms, more than a few deep and messily stitched back together. He’s also heavily limping, Duke observes, his left foot bandaged up to his calf. Duke is sure there’s more, but the flimsy t-shirt and boxer briefs Dick wears hide the rest. 

“While this isn’t the ‘Help me, I’m bleeding out on my couch’ scenario I had envisioned, this looks pretty bad,” Duke says, eyeing the older man as he pours himself some water out of the tap. “What happened? Did you run into a gang?”

Dick grimaces at that, placing down his glass and motioning for Duke to follow him again, this time to the bathroom. “Something like that.”

Duke rolls his eyes a bit, the dramatics of the ‘Bat Family’, or whatever they are, never ceasing to blow him away. “Well, that was vague.”

Dick says nothing as he strips himself of his shirt, taking out an emergency kit and handing it to Duke. A bit irritated at the lack of response, Duke merely sighs as he gets to work on disinfecting and wiping the criss crosses and slashes decorating Dick’s upper back and shoulder blades.

“So,” Duke starts again after a few minutes, “You’re just not going to say anything? No explanation or reason for all of this?”

“Sorry,” Dick sighs, rubbing his face with his working hand. “It’s… it’s been a long night. Just trying to process some things.”

“I get that,” Duke says, wincing in sympathy as Dick hisses at the pull of the needle. “I do, but you gotta give me something to work with. Maybe I can help. Maybe not.”

Dick goes silent again, and Duke resigns himself to continuing to work on the mess that is bloodied towels and colorful bruises. Finally, he’s done stitching and moves onto the shoulder. Dick wordlessly holds his arm out, the movement stiff and stilted, and Duke wonders to himself, Why am I here? What am I even doing?

“I don’t know,” Dick sighs, and Duke straightens with embarrassment. He didn’t mean to say that aloud. 

“I don’t know,” Dick repeats again, lowering his arm and popping it into place himself. “I’m sorry to have called you all the way over here. I could’ve taken care of this myself, done it a thousand times beforehand, but I just… needed someone here tonight.”

Duke sits himself down against the tub, watching the older man breathe deeply with a troubled face. Duke’s not exactly used to this side of Dick Grayson. Sure, they’ve all been down before, seen some of their lowest points. But this- this was new.

“You didn’t want to be alone,” Duke summarizes. 

“Yeah,” Dick agrees, folding his hands together . “I didn’t want to be alone.”

“So, why not call someone else? I don’t want to be rude or anything, but, let’s be honest. We aren’t really close. At least, we don’t share a bond like you do with…. Everyone else.”

“That’s on me. I want to get closer to you, not just as partners, but as friends, Duke. I do. I really do.”

“So, again, why call me? You’ve got other options, quite a few actually, that are more capable of understanding what you need. I’m just not the guy for that, and I don’t think calling me before the sun’s even up to stitch you is the best way to bond.”

“No, it’s not,” Dick agrees, and there’s something missing from the way he says it. Something inherently part of his speech pattern that’s just not there. It makes his words sound… wrong.

Not Dick Grayson.

“You said you took some meds earlier,” Duke derails, uncomfortable with his revelation. “Did you eat anything after?”

Dick nods, rolling his newly relocated shoulder around a bit. “Yeah, yeah, I did. There’s some chinese in the fridge if you want some. Maybe some cereal in the cabinet.”

“I’m good,” Duke says easily enough, unwilling to betray his nervousness. “I’m here to babysit you. Not the other way around, Blue.”

Finally, something seems to click, and Dick smiles, getting up and offering a hand to Duke. “Somehow you always seem to be the older one in these situations.”

“If eleven years your junior is the new senior, I’ll take it.”

The long night/early morning Dick’s had seems to catch up with him as he yawns, eyes watering. Duke decides to believe the tears are from sleep deprivation and not the mental and or physical pain the older man is in. Without much effort, Duke guides him to the living room couch, watching in fascination as the man immediately curls up and reaches for the obnoxiously fluffy blanket draped across the back.

“This is where the babysitting comes in,” Dick murmurs, eyes not quite yet closing as he stares at the ceiling. “Concussions are cousins with seizures around here. Never thought New Jersey would stoop down with Alabama, but here we are.”

“Here we are,” Duke acknowledges, despite the analogy not making an inkling of sense. 

He sits down on the lone kitchen chair, reaching for his phone as he waits for Dick to fall asleep. The lights are dim, and the one above the fridge flickers occasionally, but overall it’s not horrible. It’s after perhaps 30 minutes of scrolling that Duke realizes that Dick never fell asleep. He’s gone through enough training to recognize the sound of someone sleeping, distinguish between nightmares and mindless dreams, and so on and so forth. But Dick is wide awake, deep breathes through the nose obvious and the exhales enough to make Duke’s chest shudder. And then,

“I’m sorry.”

Duke looks up, squinting as he struggles to hear the faint words.

“I shouldn’t have called you over here tonight. It was a mistake.”

Duke opens his mouth to object, because really, he was just getting the dramatic bug everyone else seemed to get when wearing the Bat symbol. He stops though when Dick takes another deep breath.

“You were right, with what you said before. We aren’t that close. Sometimes I wish we were, but we aren’t. And I… I’m grateful we aren’t. At least not right now.

We don’t have the same bond that I share with the others. With Damian, Tim, Jason, them. They’re my little brothers. I take care of them. It’s… It’s my job as the oldest. I can’t let them see me like this. I can’t let them down like that.”

Duke wants to say something, add anything to this sudden confession, but finds himself tongue tied. He doesn’t think he’s ready to hear any of this. Any of this weird and depressing admission of Dick’s.

“I know they’ve seen worse, seen me worse, I know that. But I just… tonight I can’t. Tonight they can’t be here. They know me. They know me, and that’s terrifying sometimes because I have to wonder what they see. What they see and what they think when I’m like this. 

It had to be you, Duke, because you don’t know me. Not yet, at least. And I hate that this is how you will know me, what you’ll think of whenever we talk, but it had to be you.

I can’t be alone tonight, but I couldn’t ask anyone else to be here. I’m sorry.”

Duke presses his lips together, that strange feeling of discomfort rushing back in waves. This doesn’t make sense. Dick… Dick isn’t supposed to be like this, right? This can’t be the same man who laughs at criminals with guns trained on him, or does quadruple backflips off of skyscrapers for the fun of it. This can’t be the same guy he’s looked up to since he was twelve, always in awe of his charisma and dazzling smile. 

“I…” he starts, the word strangled and stuck, because how do you respond to that? How do you tell one of your idols that it kind of feels sucky to not be close enough with them to hide this other side? It’s awful, it’s truly awful, that Duke feels like he’s been let in on a secret he was never supposed to know. Never supposed to want to know. He wants to be a brother, wants so badly to be a part of that bond the originals share, but now… Now he understands. He just can’t be. He has to be estranged.

It has to be him.

“I think you should get some rest, Dick. I’ll be here when you wake up.”

“Okay.”

1 week later

It’s 5:37 in the afternoon when his phone rings. He doesn’t bother checking the caller ID, so when he picks up and hears Dick’s voice on the other end, he freezes.

“Hello? Duke? You there, dude?”

“Uh, yeah, I’m here,” he says, shaking himself out of his temporary paralysis. They haven’t spoken since that night, and ever since, Duke has been actively avoiding thinking about their last conversation. “What’s up?”

“I just wanted to apologize for what happened. I was more or less out of it when you came over, and I know some of the things I said weren’t exactly… coherent.”

And Duke has to remind himself that Dick did have a concussion, bad enough to the point where he had to go puke in the bathroom a few hours later, but the discomfort still comes back. 

“I want to make it up to you,” Dick continues, as if moving on from that entire incident was the easiest thing to do. “I also owe you two pizzas. Are you free around 7? I’d love to take you to that new pizza joint that opened near-”

“Ah, listen man,” Duke interrupts, rubbing the back of his neck. “I can’t. Not tonight.”

“Oh,” Dick sounds surprised. “That’s fine. No problem. Is there another time that would work better?”

“I’m… I’m going to be pretty busy. I don’t know when. Sorry.”

“Yeah, no worries. No problem. Is there anything I can do to help you out? What are you working on?”

“Oh, it’s nothing,” Duke sighs, fiddling with the strings on his hoodie. “I’ve got it covered. I, uh, I have to go now.”

“Alrighty,” Dick says, voice soft yet still cheery. “I’ll see you sometime, then.”

“Yeah, sure- bye, Dick.”

“Bye!”

Duke groans into his hands when the call ends. That was awkward and very painful. Is this okay? Is this okay for him to do? He doesn’t necessarily want to avoid Dick but…. It was made plain where he was situated as of right now. He’s the estranged one. The not quite stranger but not quite brother either. At least, not ‘brother’ enough for Dick to want to protect him like he does the others. 

But shouldn’t he feel lucky Dick wants to confide in him? That Dick thinks he’s mature enough to handle the shittier aspects of his life? Duke questions if he even wants to be the mature one anymore. He’s still 18. Hardly an adult. It’s two hours later when he gets interrupted again.

“Yo, Duke!” his cousin calls out from the living room.

“What?” he yells back.

“Did you order pizza?”

“Uhhh no?” Duke responds, walking out to where his cousin stands. He’s holding two large pizza boxes and a liter of Coke, obviously having just been delivered. “Where’d those come from?”

“I don’t know,” his cousin says, placing the boxes down on the counter. “They were just delivered. Check the receipt. See who ordered it.”

Doing so, Duke feels his mouth quirk upwards the slightest bit at the note left on the bottom. Thanks for babysitting when I got my ass handed to me. See you around, Boss.

“So who’s it from?”

“A friend.”

1 year and 8 months before the funeral

“I’m dying.”

“No, you’re not.”

“Yes, I am.”

“Just because you’ve decided to be dramatic does not mean I have to indulge in it.”

“How can you say that, Tim? Clearly, I am laying on my deathbed and you’ve come to visit your ailing brother.”

“Actually, I’m up here to work, unlike you.”

“But I have a stomach ache.”

“But consider this- I’m working. ”

“Come now, Master Timothy,” Alfred says, walking into the living room with a tray of what is most likely tea. “Your brother has decided to visit us for some comfort. It is rare we ever get to see him outside of nightly activities.”

“Alfie,” Dick whines, scrunching up his face in an attempt at puppy eyes, “You know I’ve been busy. I love coming to the Manor to see you guys- I just don’t have a lot of time.”

“Yes, I completely understand. Much too little time to ring the Manor or grocery shop for yourself.”

“Tim,” Dick pleads, accepting the steaming tea cup Alfred hands to him, “You believe me, right? One workaholic to another?”

Tim deigns to respond, concentrating heavily on the laptop resting on his thighs. In truth, Tim had been a bit concerned when he’d been informed Dick was on his way to the Manor. Dick hadn’t been by in months, the only time anyone ever saw him being on patrol or when someone pinged him for information. So, when Dick called and told Alfred he wasn’t feeling so well, that set off a few alarm bells.

However, it seemed his initial concern was for not. It was plain Dick was hiding something with his dramatics, but whatever it was, Tim was much too swamped to deal with whatever was going on in Dick’s world. He would admit though that Dick did look sick. He was sweaty, face slightly pale, and had been complaining of a dual headache and stomachache since his arrival a day ago.

“I believe you, Wing,” Steph called from across the room, waltzing in with a bag of chips. 

“Thank you,” Dick sighs, sinking into the couch further. “My one sympathizer in this whole family.”

“On the contrary, I never said I sympathized. Only that I believed you’ve been busy. Which, duh. We’ve all been busy.”

And it’s true. All of them have been busy as of late. Recently, there has been a surge in crime and no shining cause for it. Every night, almost all of them go out for patrol and for the past three weeks, have had nothing to show for it. The thugs they interrogate know next to nothing, which is typical, and there doesn’t seem to be a connection to anything at all. Wayne Enterprises recently took a hit too, their vice president for the business department retiring early and leaving a huge gap to fill.

So, Tim was left to handle some of the mess left behind. Typical.

“I really don’t understand why you aren’t in bed if you’re so sick,” Tim sighs, shutting his laptop. It was useless trying to get any work done with all the noise. “You might be contagious for all we know.”

“Is it a crime for me to be near my loved ones?” Dick laments, staring into his brew.

Tim rolls his eyes, settling in his chair as Steph turns on the TV from where she claims her spot next to Dick’s feet. There’s silence for a few minutes as they mindlessly scroll through channels, flicking through soap operas, reality shows, and a couple action movies. None of them really watch TV much, don’t have the time for it, but there’s something hypnotic about staring at a flashing screen for hours on end. Not exactly soothing per say, but definitely entrancing. 

They’re half way through a random episode of Law and Order when Dick abruptly stands up and excuses himself out of the room. Steph simply shrugs, declaring she’s not going to pause for his potty break, as Tim begins to doze off. It’s another twenty minutes before Dick reappears, looking worse for wear and the slightest bit more pale.

He slowly shuffles back over to his spot on the couch, stiffly lying down and dragging a blanket over his torso. Steph eyes him, only a few inches away from her spot on the couch.

“They found the perp,” she says, turning back to the bright screen. “Some dude twice removed that liked the sister’s daughter.”

Dick has his eyes closed but nods, trying his best to smile.

Steph wouldn’t make the claim that she’s the most sensitive person in the family. She comes off as abrasive sometimes, perhaps a bit too goofy on patrol, and maybe once in a while much too relaxed on serious cases. She doesn’t really hold herself accountable for those though. You have to find some sort of humor in the third decaying body of the week, or you’d go insane. 

That, or you could always bottle up your emotions until they explode in a violent and beautiful display.

Back to the point, Steph wouldn’t make the claim that she’s the most sensitive person, but she does know how to recognize emotional turmoil when she sees it. She’s insensitive, not emotionally incompetent. There’s a difference, see? So, when Dick stays quiet, doesn’t make any comment on the garishness of the lady’s makeup, and doesn’t laugh at the fruitless attempt at courting, Steph knows something is up.

“How’s Bludhaven been?” she tries, lowering the volume to not disturb the now sleeping Tim.

He takes a moment to respond, but Dick replies, “Not too bad actually. Maybe all the crime went over to Gotham for a change.”

“So what’ve you been doing with all this extra free time that’s been oh so pleasantly dropped onto your lap?”

Dick shrugs, grimacing. “Mostly paperwork. A couple more shifts at the BPD.”

And there, right there, is where Steph confirms that something isn’t quite right. His sentences are short. Bare details. Strict like Times New Roman. Normally, Dick talks like every part of his life is a story, flowery words and descriptions popping up to make even a boring night eating pizza sound like the ultimate vacation (which it really is). If she were to ask any other day, Dick would probably try to ramble about the latest gossip with interns he’s heard, or about how a poorly timed joke almost got him clobbered in the head.

She decides to give him another chance to disprove her worries. “Is that all? No epic stories about the latest ice cream flavor you tried?”

“Nope, that’s all I’ve got.”

Steph sighs, thinking, Well, it was bound to happen at some point. Guess I get to play therapist now.

She turns, draping her legs across Dick’s and waits for him to open his eyes to look at her. When he finally does, she raises an eyebrow and waits some more. They play a game of widening eyes and gesturing brow movements before he finally cracks.

“Not that this isn’t interesting, but, uh, what?”

“You tell me, Wing.”

“Um,” he hesitates, still confused. “Is this a guessing game? Are we playing charades?”

Steph shrugs, still staring. Dick’s confusion mounts as the silence continues, only interrupted by Tim’s soft snores and the TV’s strange noises as the bride says yes to the dress. Minutes go by, and Steph gives up, blowing a strand of hair out of her face in frustration. “I thought you were supposed to be the emotionally intelligent one.”

“Wait, what?”

“Are you just constipated today? Is that it?”

“Um, a little I guess- but wait, what the hell are you talking about?”

“Well, I was referring to the fact that you aren’t matching my level of vibe today, but seriously? You’re actually constipated? Like, tummy trouble constipated? Is that why you went MIA for a whole episode?”

“Wait, wait, back up. I’m not matching your vibe? ”

“Now that I think about it, you have been pretty off kilter ever since Alfred gave you that tea. You think he slipped you a laxative?”

“What, no, Alfred doesn’t put drugs into my tea.”

Steph simply smiles in response.

“Alfred does not drug my tea, Steph.”

“Whatever you say, Wing.”

“What’s that supposed to mean? Is my tea usually drugged?”

“Considering Tim picked up his no sleep habits from someone in the family, I’d say it’s fair to assume that there is a correlation between how fast you fall asleep when Alfred gives you tea compared to when you aren’t given any.”

“And you know this how?”

“Who do you think he gets the drugs from?”

There is stunned quiet for a few moments before Steph snorts loudly. “I’m kidding, Wing. God, if I were a drug lord, you wouldn’t see me mooching off the only billionaire I know. I’d be my own billionaire, but I’d still probably crash here.”

“Steph, your mind truly amazes me sometimes.”

“A genius, I know. You don’t have to point out the obvious. So, what do you think of that dress? I think the V-line is a bit much.”

“I don’t know, I kind of like it. Accentuates her figure nicely.”

“Right, I forgot the disco era. Sometimes I feel really fortunate I wasn’t around to see that in person.”

“You should feel unfortunate. My sense of fashion is impeccable.”

“Sure. Just like your sense of taste for mint-chocolate ice cream.”

“I’ll have you know that mint-chocolate is one of the-”

After a few more episodes and half-hearted debates, Dick falls asleep, his snores matching the youngest in the room. His face seems to have regained some color, though the frown marring his brow doesn’t dissipate. Though tired as well, Steph relaxes fully into the arm of the couch, watching the boys sleep. 

Sometimes, she wishes she knew what went on in their lives to make them so weary. At the same time, she’d rather not know. There were consequences in being the firsts. She considered herself lucky to have not risked the trial run.

Soft foot-falls alert her, Alfred reappearing with yet another tea set. This time however, he places it in front of Steph, smiling down at her kindly as he hands her a cup.

“Thank you, Miss Stephanie,” he says softly, gazing at the sleeping face of one of his many grandchildren.

“Sure thing,” she says. “But, uh, for what?”

“Master Richard has been growing more tired as of late. It is quite hard for him to rest, his lifestyle and mindset making it difficult, as I imagine it has for some time. It was nice to hear him speak freely. He enjoys talking to you very much.”

“Oh,” is all she can think to say, slightly embarrassed. “It’s, um, easy to talk to him. Sometimes.”

“It would be a great help if you could continue talking to him every once in a while. I believe your voice and humor does wonders to ease his stress.”

“Yeah, I can do that. He’s one of the only people here who doesn’t constantly have a stick up their ass. Oh, sorry, Alfred. No offense.”

“None taken. In some ways, you remind me of him when he was younger. Thank you again, Miss Stephanie.”

“Of course, Alfred. What’re semi-related adopted siblings for?”

2 months and 14 days later

1 year and 6 months before the funeral

It’s a hot day. Not even the good kind of hot where you can sit in your car that’s been left out of the shade and soak up the warmth from the seats for a minute before the seatbelt gets too warm. It’s just sweaty hot. Sweaty and sticky.

And that’s gross.

Nothing ever really happens on hot days. Everyone’s energy just seems to get zapped right out of them, and just like the everyone mentioned, Steph also has no energy to do anything. The AC unit is on full blast and she’s alone for the time being, her mom off to go to some errand or the other. Although staring at a rattling and rather janky AC unit isn’t quite how she imagined she’d spend her day, it’s never time wasted nonetheless. Time is never wasted if you enjoy what you’re doing. That’s what she tells herself at least.

Nothing happens for a long time. That is until her phone begins to vibrate and the classic tune of ‘The Man on the Flying Trapeze’ plays out. She listens to the old song for a few rings, humming a bit as she takes her time getting around to answering. In all reality, it is quite a disturbing song to wish death upon your crush’s crush, but that’s the 1920s for you.

Finally, she picks up her phone and answers with, “This is the fiery gates of Hell, how can I help you?”

“Steph?”

His voice sounds wrecked, borderline raspy, and the shakiness doesn’t sound good either. The phone is rattling too, most likely the cause of trembling hands, and it instantly puts her on the alert. She checks the clock, confused when she sees it’s only two in the afternoon. That means something bad must’ve gone down unrelated to patrol, which is almost always worse.

“Dick? What’s wrong?”

“Can you… Can you just talk for a little while?”

“What do you mean? Did something happen?”

“Please, Steph. It can be about anything, anything at all. I-I just need… please talk to me. Please talk to me.”

“O-Okay, Dick. I can do that, yeah, no problem. Um, oh! Did you hear about the Knights game yesterday? Wild, I tell you. As usual, our team sucked ass, but overall it wasn’t as horrible as it could’ve been. 39 did a nice layup, I think, and then some guy in the stands threw popcorn at the ref for a bad call.”

“Yeah?”

“Yeah, it was hilarious, you should’ve seen the guys face when he got escorted out by security. Oh, I finally got around to trying out that new ice cream place you mentioned. The drive was horribly long though! Traffic was absolute trash, but what’s new, right?”

“Right.”

“Anyway, I also got that mint-chocolate chip flavor you rave about and I give it a score of six out of ten. I still think that the flavor of toothpaste shouldn’t be anywhere near something as good as ice cream, but it was alright for being an abomination.”

She’s expecting a chuckle of some sort, but there’s just silence on the other end.

“S-So, I also went over to a K-BBQ place Cass recommended. It wasn’t half bad, but it was super awkward going by myself. The food was good though, and I managed to set half the little stove thingy on fire. I rewarded myself with some real ice cream afterwards. Dairy Queen shall forever hold my heart as my go to diabetes retreat. By the way, what’s up with that? How come fast food restaurants have some of the best ice cream out there, but places like the Cheesecake Factory don’t serve it? And why is the McDonald’s ice cream machine always out of service? You know, I have a theory about it…”

It’s nearing the twenty minute mark when Steph realizes that she’s run out of things to say. That frightens her for some reason, and that growing feeling of anxiety for not having anything else to talk about eats away at her as seconds tick by and her mouth stays shut. The other end of the line is quiet too, Dick having hardly said a word throughout the entire call making her nervous as well. This was unusual.

Scratch that, this was highly weird and strange. Has Dick ever done this before? Has he ever just called her to hear her talk? She doesn’t think anyone has ever called her to hear her rant; most of the time people ask her to shut up.

“Dick?”

“Yeah?”

His voice is still very quiet, hardly above a whisper, but it doesn’t sound nearly as panicked as it did before. That was good, right?

“Is there anything else I can do? Do you want me to call anyone for you?”

“No,” he murmurs. “There’s no one left to call.”

“You’re scaring me a little,” Steph admits. “Are you okay? Do I… Do I need to come get you?”

“I’m okay.”

“Are you sure? I’m here to help, but, Dick, if-”

“I’m okay, Steph. I’m okay now.”

She badly wants to believe him. Desperately wants to believe that Dick Grayson is okay and not currently doing or thinking about doing something stupid. This is Nightwing after all. Protector of both Gotham and Bludhaven citizens. Flashy and brilliant crime fighter, who throws puns instead of weapons at the faces of criminals. Charismatic and handsome, both by day and at night. This sad and broken sounding man on the other side of the phone couldn’t be the same guy. He just couldn’t be.

So, she believes him. It’s her only option. The only option that doesn’t fracture the image she has of him. It’s just a bad day. He was just having a bad day and wanted someone to talk to. He liked talking to people. He was a people person. Yeah, this made sense. Just a bad day at work. He was fine. Nightwing was fine. Everything was fine.

“Okay, Dick. I trust you.”

“Thank you.”

He hangs up before she can get another word in, and the only noise that’s left is the AC.

1 year and 2 months before the funeral

*You have --5-- new voice messages and --8-- missed calls.*

“Hey there! Sorry I couldn’t answer your call- I’m most likely in space, so I wouldn’t be able to hear you anyway, haha! Leave me a message and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can! Love ya!-- At the tone, please record your message. When you are finished recording, you can hang up, or press one for more options.” *Beep*

“Hey, Donna. It’s me. Dick. Um, I… I’m in a rough patch right now. I miss you. A lot. I wish you were here. Things aren’t the same anymore and I- god, I miss you so much. I need you, Donna. I need you here. I need you to tell me what to do. I don’t know what I’m doing anymore, or if, if anything is good. If I’m good. I wish you were here. I love you.”

“Hey there! Sorry I couldn’t answer your call- I’m most likely in space, so I wouldn’t be able to hear you anyway, haha! Leave me a--”

“It’s me again, Donna. I-I really don’t know what I’m doing anymore. What can I do? What can I do? I need you to tell me what I need to do. Please, please, just tell me. If I don’t do anything, I’m just going to get worse and worse and worse. And if-if I do something, there’s a chance I’ll just make it even more worse than it already is and I-- I can’t do that. I can’t do that to them. They need me here. They need me. Donna, please, please, I need you. I need you so fucking bad.”

“Hey there! Sorry I couldn’t answer your call-”

“Help me, help me, Donna. God, what do I do? There isn’t a way out of this, there isn’t a way out, I’m stuck and no matter what I decide to do, it’s going to hurt them, please Donna, please, tell me what to do! I miss you so fucking much, I need you here. Why aren’t you here? I need you! Can’t you understand that? Please, please, please, please, Donna, please, tell me. What am I supposed to do? Why aren’t you here?”

“Hey there! Sorry I couldn’t answer your call- I’m most likely in space, so I wouldn’t be able to hear you anyway, haha! Leave me a message and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can! Love ya!”

“I love you too, Donna. I love you so much. I miss you everyday. It’s like there’s a missing piece inside of me, and everything just keeps chipping away at that emptiness. I’m becoming a void, Donna. Open and bleeding and even more empty every time I find something to fill it with. I’m terrified, Donna. I’m scared. I haven’t been this scared since I was a child, and god- I wish you were here. I wish- sometimes I wish I was with you instead. I’ve only got two options after all. On some level it has to be my fault; maybe I neglected the history too much. Maybe I was too careless. I’ve been doing this for too many years, Donna. It was bound to catch up to me eventually, right? Right?”

“Hey there!”

“I don’t know why I keep calling you. You’re never going to pick up. I think I just like pretending. This is all I have left. You know, sometimes I like to call and just listen to your voice. What’s left of it in this voice message you made. If I try hard enough, it’s almost as if you’re sitting right next to me and that this is normal. That what I’m doing, what I’m thinking of doing, is normal. I miss you and… I think I’m dying, Donna. I’m dying. I don’t want to die.

I’m not ready.”

“Hey there! Sorry I couldn’t answer your call- I’m most likely in space, so I wouldn’t be able to hear you anyway, haha! Leave me a message and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can! Love ya!-- At the tone, please record your message. When you are finished recording, you can hang up, or press one for more options. *Beep* 

“Hey there! Sorry I couldn’t answer your call- I’m most likely in space, so I wouldn’t be able to hear you anyway, haha! Leave me a message and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can! Love ya!-- At the tone, please record your message. When you are finished recording, you can hang up, or press one for more options”. *Beep* 

“Hey there! Sorry I couldn’t answer your call- I’m most likely in space, so I wouldn’t be able to hear you anyway, haha! Leave me a message and I’ll get back to you as soon as I can! Love ya!-- At the tone, please record your message. When you are finished recording, you can hang up, or press one for more options.” *Beep*

“Please don’t let me die.”
Notes:

    Whew, a lot happened in this chapter- did you catch it all? So, this is essentially through some of the family "lens"/perspective of what happened before the funeral. Don't worry, it's only part one!

    Also, wow, wow, wow! Thank you so much for the absolutely amazing response to this fic!! Your comments make my day, y'all have no idea how much they mean to me! I read and try to respond to each one, so thank you for all the support! Please tell me your thoughts, I love to hear them!

    (BTW I've aged up the characters: Dick and Barbara-29, Duke-18, Stephanie-20, Jason and Cass-22, Tim-19, Damian-13, Bruce-49, Alfred-Immortal)

Chapter 4: Family Lens: Part II- The Last Year
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

1 year before the funeral

“It’s good to see you, Barbara. How’s your father been?”

“He’s been doing well; getting his campaign ready and all that puts a bit more stress on him, but he’s doing well.”

“That’s good to hear. How are you feeling with his run so far?”

“I’m… I think hopeful is the right word. My father has been working with GCPD for so long, and the entire city loves him. The Mayor too. I think he’ll have a really good chance.”

“Are you nervous at all?”

“I mean, yeah, I’m worried about some things.”

“Can you tell me what’s been worrying you?”

“Oh, it’s nothing serious. Just the usual stresses that come with having a political campaign and being more exposed than normal. Don’t get me wrong, I’m very happy and grateful that this opportunity for him has come up, he’s been talking about making real changes to the PD’s structure for years, but it’s… scary.”

“I understand. It must feel very revealing, in a way, to have this spotlight be placed upon you both. Have you discussed any of these fears with him? He may share similar feelings.”

“A bit. He’s just been so busy and I’ve been swamped with work too, so it’s hard to find the time to just talk to him these days.”

“Yes, I can imagine so. Has work been overwhelming as of late? In our last session, you shared that you felt submerged in your duties.”

“Right now? I feel swamped, but I think that’s just because I slacked off for a week. Overall though? No, not really. Work has become… enjoyable. I feel like I’m making a difference again.”

“That’s wonderful to hear, Barbara. Truly it’s a good thing to love what you do. And what of your associates?”

“Honestly, I think they’re doing really well too. I’m not sure what it is, but we’ve been meeting more frequently and it’s almost as if a wall between us has been removed. I feel more open with them, and it feels like they’re being more open with me as well.”

“Have you had any phantom pains as of late?”

…

“No. No, I haven’t. Sometimes I’ll stare at the mirror too long and just look at the scar, and maybe there’ll be a slight… tingle. It hasn’t been painful though. I’ve been doing those exercises you gave me, and they’ve helped somewhat. Can I be honest?”

“You know you don’t have to ask me that.”

“I know, I know, but Claire, I… I think I’m ready to be on my own now. I haven’t scheduled another appointment and I don’t think I will. These sessions have helped me, you have helped me, and for the first time in years, I’m…”

“Barbara, my job isn’t to keep you here with me. My job is to help you be you. The true and authentic you. Half of that is getting you out of here; to realize you don’t need me anymore.”

“I know, and I feel somewhat normal again, as normal as I can be, but I just worry that it won’t be enough. That if I stop coming here, all of my progress, everything we’ve done together, will just revert back. That I’ll be a mess.”

“Barbara, do you trust me?”

“Of course I do. It’s not me doubting your work, it’s just-”

“No, you misunderstand. I’m happy for you, Barbara. Beyond excited. My job is to get you out of here. To force you to try things that might be scary. If leaving this little office space is the next step, then by all means, I’ll be the one to open the door for you. Just as you trust me, so do I trust you. You’ve improved so much over this year alone. You’ve accomplished and done so many things that the person who came into my office for the first time two years ago would be unrecognizable to the remarkable woman who sits in front of me today.”

“I’m… thank you, Claire. I’ll miss you. I’ll miss this.”

“You’re going to keep doing wonderful things, Barbara. If you ever need anything, even just a quick chat, I’m only one phone call away.”

“Claire?”

“Yes?”

“Do you really think I’ll make it out there on my own?”

“You already have.”

11 months before the funeral

Hey, anything going on for the next week?

Jason frowns as he stares at his phone. It was Dick. Texting him. At two in the afternoon.

no

Three seconds later.

Great! I need some help in Bludhaven- I’m taking a night job and need someone to look after the dogs while I’m out

Translation: Dick is on a stake out or going undercover and needs someone to cover the civilian sector while he’s out.

ask someone else. i’m busy.

Cassie also said she’d help

still busy

Please? I’ll order pizza

The offer is tempting. Pizza does sound good and Jason hates spending money, but he also has responsibilities.

i have my own dogs to take care of.

Pizza and ice-cream?

for a week? no

He’s being difficult on purpose. Food for a week, and assuming a place to stay as well, is mostly agreeable. Since he’s toned down over the years as well, getting along with Cass hasn’t been a monumental struggle, all of their differences aside. When they aren’t in disagreement over the ethics of what it takes to truly protect people, they occasionally have common ground that’s somewhat enjoyable to talk about. However, he needs Dick to make the deal sweeter if he wants Jason to bite. Jason knows how to bargain, and bargain he shall.

What if I get you access to B’s setup downstairs?

Bingo. Bruce changed some of the codes to their filing system a while ago and Jason is too skittish to actually ask the man for them (even though he’s aware Bruce would give them over without much fuss).

fine. i want garlic bread too

You got it! Thanks Jay

Jason sighs, throwing his phone across the coach as he slumps over. Just when he thought he was going to get some rest, he just had to be nice. He just had to be nice for once and not completely ignore the eldest. Bludhaven isn’t too horrible, he supposed. It couldn’t be since it only ever has one person taking care of it.

Sure, it was another shitpile in the cow field, but it was at least it wasn’t festering with flies and covered in mold like Gotham. Like Crime Alley. It makes Jason smile a bit at his metaphor, the likening of shit to Gotham the purest analogy he can think of. Bludhaven would be fine compared to the stink here.

It was, in fact, not fine.

Later that night when he made his way over, he realized he’d been left with no instructions. No warnings. No hints. No codes. No nothing to help navigate the maze of backroads and alleys, and nothing about what areas to be wary of or what to look for. Cass had been given nothing either, her mask shielding her lack of knowledge as well.

“Well, shit.”

Black Bat reprimands Red Hood, Language stern in her hands. He merely rolls his eyes, sending back the bird and chuckling to himself when she does the same.

“So much for language,” he huffs without any real bite, turning back around to survey the city from their vantage point. “Bludhaven is bigger than I last remembered.”

“Divide?” Black Bat asks, appearing at his side. “Meet after?”

He nods, seeing no issue with it. “Sure, keep the comms on.”

For the rest of the night, they meet more crime, muggings, burglaries, thugs, drug dealings, and break up more gang fights than they have in weeks in Gotham. They knew Gotham was bad, and they knew Bludhaven was bad, but all this for one person to do? 

“Just a bad night, maybe?” Black Bat attempts to comfort once they’ve met up again. 

“Bad night my ass,” Red Hood curses, taking off his helmet to wipe at the sweat currently pouring down his face. “This is ridiculous.”

It’s nearing two in the morning, exactly twelve hours since Dick texted them both for the favor. 

“This shit isn’t worth some pizza and passwords,” Jason mutters to himself. “What’d he promise you?” he asks louder, directing the question to Cass.

She shrugs her shoulders up and down. “Nothing. I wanted to help. Had time to.”

“How saintly of you,” Jason drawls, rolling his shoulders. “You have the key?”

A set of keys appears from within Black Bat’s utility belt.

“Well, what’re we waiting for? Let’s go see the dump.”

As part of the deal, Dick had let Jason and Cass stay in one of his only safehouses. He rarely ever used it, only for emergencies, and it was also one of the few things Dick had that was fully paid for by Bruce. Furnished with a couch, a bed, full kitchen, TV setup, full bathroom with an actual jacuzzi, and everything else one could want. It was more a glorified hotel than anything else, but who were they to pass up the offer?

They arrive to find three pizzas waiting for them, Jason pleased to see Dick had remembered the garlic bread and is only mildly disgusted at the fact that Cass had ordered a pizza with anchovies. They play rock-paper-scissors for the bed, Cass winning, and settle in for the night.

Rinse and repeat for the next six days, Cass winning the bed every time, and on the last day of their babysitting, they have Bludhaven down. They’ve figured out a route to scout through, which areas to check first, and which areas to leave alone. Black Bat had also begun to memorize the BPD patrol schedules and which sector was most frequented.

They leave Bludhaven feeling strangely satisfied with themselves. The safe house is left more or less a mess, and they didn’t bother washing the sheets either, but Cass was kind enough to take out the trash.

“Divided and conquered,” Cass congratulates, punching Jason in the shoulder as goodbye.

Jason agrees, glowering a bit as Cass casually slips past his own goodbye punch. “Won’t miss it though.”

9 months before the funeral

“Timmy!”

Tim sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. “What is it, Dick?”

“I have a favor to cash in.”

“A favor?” Tim questions, suspicious. Dick’s favors tended to be intel gathering or last minute filing. They were never fun, but, as he reminds himself, a deal’s a deal. 

“I’m heading out of the city for a couple weeks. Do you think you could watch over Bludhaven for me in the meantime?”

Tim almost whistles. Well, he would have if he couldn’t already feel the headache building.

“A couple weeks,” he says sarcastically. “By that, do you mean exactly 14 days or an extended two months?”

“14 days,” Dick responds solemnly. “I promise. I’ve already asked Duke and Steph for some help as well, and they said they could do shifts. Is that something that you could work with?”

“Well, this is all kind of sudden, don’t you think? I mean, you aren’t giving me much time to actually plan anything. I hardly even know Bludhaven.”

“Please, Tim? It’ll be the last thing I ask for the rest of the year. Scout’s honor.”

He can practically see Dick going through the motions of crossing his heart and holding up the scout salute, and he has to roll his eyes. It’s practically a given at this point.

“Fine,” he sighs. “As long as the others hold up their end.”

“Thanks, Tim! I owe you one!”

Dick hangs up and Tim thinks, That’s not how ‘cashing in a favor’ works.

It takes him a minute, but he sets up a group chat with Stephanie and Duke (briefly he marvels at the fact that they didn’t have one before) and sends out a google form for them to fill out on which particular shifts they each would take. Stephanie immediately sends the old man emoji and then proceeds to compare him to a middle-aged clerk whose only idea of fun was making spreadsheets. Duke takes a while longer to respond, he isn’t on his phone much, but easily fills out the dates and times he can do. Steph also does so with prompting, a promise of an arm wrestle Tim knows he’ll lose, and the rest is history. 

They arrive in Bludhaven at their agreed-upon times. Occasionally, it’ll be a two-person night and they’ll divide the city. Four or five times, it was all three of them, and Tim can honestly say it was a lot of fun working with them. Bludhaven was so different from Gotham. It wasn’t any cleaner, and there certainly wasn’t any less crime, but something about it made him feel…

Free. Unrestricted. Like it was a fresh start.

Tim guesses that’s why Dick chose Bludhaven in the first place.

“Yo, RR,” Steph’s voice crackles into the comms. “There’s a low-level mugging that Signal spotted. You’re closer and I already said nose-goes. So, seeing as I am looking at Signal right now, and we both have our lovely fingers gracing our noses, it would seem that your nose is the only one left, so that would mean-”

“Okay, I got it,” Red Robin sighs, already making his way over to the alleyway. “You’re long-winded for no reason, Spoiler. No wonder you get out of breath so easily.”

“I don’t know about that,” Signal chimes in, observing as Red Robin easily drop-kicks the mugger and grabs the stolen purse. “It might be the weight of carrying the title of the funniest member that’s got her breathing so hard.”

“Damn straight!” Spoiler shouts, the sound of a solid and crisp high-five echoing in the comms and startling a few pigeons.

Red Robin returns victorious, brandishing coupons for free slushies at the 7/11 (“It was a reward,” Tim says smugly, pleased with himself as Steph ogles his prize. “For helping that poor grandma. You know, seeing as I am the lovely hero that saved the day and you two were not , that would mean that I get to spend these coupons.” “Like hell you are! Gimme one of those!” “Hey, what! Stop! Let go!” “Guys, you’ll tear them! Stop fighting and we’ll all just go togeth-” riiipppppp )

Pride still intact, but coupons sadly not, all three vigilantes proudly walk into the nearest 7/11, ask for tape, shamelessly tape back together the shredded free slushies, and claim their hard-earned bounty. 

Somehow, Steph manages to snap a picture of them all drinking their slushies over the bright lights of Bludhaven. She sends it to the group chat and Tim saves it with the thought of printing it out later. It was nice. Those two weeks in Bludhaven had been nice.

If favors were going to be like this, Tim wouldn’t mind Dick cashing in a few every now and again.

5 months before the funeral

Christmas Eve

“Hello?”

“Richard,” Damian somewhat growls. It’s endearing in an animalistic way. “Where are you?”

“Oh,” Dick says sheepishly. “Right. I forgot to tell you. I won’t be able to make it to dinner tonight.”

“Why?” Damian won’t admit it, but he’d been looking forward to seeing Richard. It had been a long time since their last patrol together, and lately, Nightwing had been on duty outside of both Gotham and Bludhaven more frequently. Meaning the likelihood of “accidently” bumping into him during patrol had decreased significantly. 

“I’ll be there tomorrow morning,” Richard promises, but Damian still feels disappointed. 

“Why not tonight?” he asks, and some part of him feels childish for being so insistent, but the absences were turning more into patterns than he liked.

“Well,” and now Richard sounds excited, “I was preparing something. For you.”

“For me?”

“Go downstairs and check the car.”

Immediately Damian bounds out of his room, the elation of the unknown making his feet move faster. Downstairs meant the Batcave. Obviously, the car meant the Batmobile. Stupid, childish names of course, but that’s what they were dubbed by the first Robin. It was only right to continue to use that particular terminology. It was honoring the Robin legacy, after all.

Richard is silent throughout Damian’s run, but he is smiling. Beaming practically.

When he reaches the Batmobile, Damian sees a note taped onto the windshield. When he reports his findings, Richard simply says, “Open it,” and hangs up.

A little startled at the abrupt end, Damian pockets his phone and flips the note to read the back. He squints at it: Check drawer 27B.

Short and concise. Damian grins. 

Finding 27B takes longer than he thought it would, the storage unit large and frankly messy. He finds it though and marvels slightly when he opens the drawer to find a suit. It’s a Robin suit, but clearly with some new attachments and upgrades. It was certainly made for the cold, with long sleeves and pants fitted with heating pads in the cloth. Elbow and shin guards adorned their respective sides and a new pair of combat boots were there, too, the usual green but with a black R stamped on the sides.

Damian held the uniform reverently, feeling the ghost of that awfully fond feeling in his chest whenever he thought of his brother.

In one of the numerous pockets, Damian also finds another note and a comm. Suit up and put in the comm unit. 

As soon as he’s done so, a cheery voice greets him. “Oracle checking in. Robin, are you ready?”

He smirks. “Clearly.”

“Then get on and start riding to the address I’ve pinged you.”

“I can’t drive the Batmobile. Father changed the access codes.”

“Right, right. Hmmm, then check the south-port. There might be something to help you out there.”

This game of clues, though a bit troublesome, is curious. Is this some sort of test Richard has laid out for him? The new suit would indicate some sort of task he would need to do, and running about the Cave to find certain items hinted at some kind of game. He’s not sure what’s going on, but he’ll be efficient. Always efficient. 

Quickly moving towards the south-port, Damian passes the Batmobile and heads directly into the darker parts of the cave. With all the technology and equipment, it was easy to forget they were actually underground in a cavity of stone, the bats easy enough to ignore and befriend. 

He skids to a halt when he sees an object covered by a green tarp and topped with a garishly obnoxious red bow. 

“Oracle,” he mutters, “What is this ?”

“See for yourself, short-stack.”

He rolls his eyes at the insult (a “nickname” as Richard would call it) and proceeds to remove the bow and pull off the tarp. Red and green were Robin colors, but the holiday makes it seem as if his uniform was meant to be festive. He hoped Richard had planned the color scheme to suit the mantle rather than the greedy festivities. 

When he’s fully removed the tarp, casting it aside, Damian can only stare in shock.

“What do you think?” Richard’s voice now pipes in from a second feed, wary but hopeful.

Damian is standing in front of an electric motorcycle, modified and painted to cater to his size and preferences. The model looks old, perhaps early 2000’s, but it’s been updated to look sleek. Numerous switches, handles, clips, and other things Damian isn’t sure what to identify as come equipped with the bike. The entire thing has been painted black, but a streak of green covers the sides, a golden R in the center. A red helmet sits neatly on the seat, the R emblem embellished on it as well.

“It was one of my first bikes,” Richard says as Damian runs a hand along the sides. “I splurged on it when I first got to Bludhaven, but never ended up using it. I’ve updated a lot of the gadgets and what-nots on it, the engine has also been fixed, and I’ve hardwired a computer into it so you can communicate with others and receive coordinates, instructions, and other things on it.”

Damian is still quiet and Richard takes it as disappointment. 

“If you don’t like it, it’s no big deal,” he rambles. “It’s yours, but we can always scrap it or use the parts for something else. Bruce approved it, don’t worry, but if you’re still uncomfortable with it, I can take it back, and I don’t know, donate it or-”

“It’s beautiful, Richard,” Damian reassures, in awe of the work put into restoring such a sentiment of the past. “Thank you.”

“You ready to test it out?” Oracle asks, excitement now tainting her voice as well.

The sound of a revving engine is her only response.

“Wait,” Richard buts in, “You do know how to drive a motorcycle right?”

“I’ve been driving since I was six,” Damian says smugly, flicking the visor closed and releasing the break, plunging forward and out of one of the back entrances.

It glides beautifully across the asphalt, and Damian can feel his heart beat incessantly as he lets out a whoop of elation, wind tearing at his arms. He picks up speed as he enters Gotham, passing by startled civilians and waving at police vehicles as he blows by them. The emblem is enough to ward off a police chase, and knowing this, Robin picks up the pace further, weaving in and out of cars.

Even a dingy city like Gotham clings to Christmas, lights and trees decorated and displayed on every corner and front door. The air is crisp and cold, heavy clouds overhead foreshadowing a snow fall. Even though the roads are icy, the tires are solid and grip the pavement easily.

It is breathtaking.

“I’ve sent that location from earlier to your bike,” Oracle calls. “You should see a display in the window of your helmet. Follow the highlighted path.”

“Affirmative,” Robin responds back, grinning as he bears left and takes a sharp turn. 

The speed at which he’s going, the smooth glide of the tires, and the wind rushing past him makes it feel like he’s flying. He’s grown wings and taken flight, and with it, Damian thinks he’s found a new kind of freedom. 

He arrives at the specified location ten minutes later, rolling to a stop as he surveys the area. Oracle has led him to a park, mostly secluded save for a few trees, a bench, and one misshapen snowman. With the sun hidden behind dark clouds, the park is barely illuminated, the only light source being a yellowed lamp post. 

Taking off his helmet, Damian feels a private sort of joy as he watches his breath come out in puffs of misty white. The suit is warm and the gloves he’s wearing keep his fingers from freezing. Though he is sure his nose is bright red from the cold, Damian can’t help but feel satisfied. It was a strange sort of feeling in his chest, warm and light.

“Robin to Oracle.”

Nothing.

“I’ve arrived at the location.”

Still nothing. He taps his comm twice, hoping to elicit some sort of response, but there is still silence on the other end. He frowns.

“Robin to Oracle. What do I do now?”

“Well, to start, you could turn around,” a voice calls from behind.

Damian whips around to find Nightwing standing behind him. He’s wearing a beanie and scarf pulled up to his nose, but the mask contorts in a way that shows he’s smiling.

“Nightwing!” Robin exclaims. “You’re here! Why are you here?” he adds more skeptically. “You said you weren’t going to be at dinner.”

Nightwing shrugs a bit, and it is only then does Robin notice he’s carrying something. “I’m not, but I never said where I would be exactly.”

Damian raises an eyebrow at the poor explanation, but before he can question it further, Richard pulls out a thermos and two cups. “I figured if I couldn’t meet you there, maybe you could meet me out here?”

“I don’t like hot chocolate,” Robin reminds him in an attempt at staying annoyed. “Hot water and chocolate powder don’t mix well.”

“Then it’s a good thing I brought apple cider,” Nightwing says with a wink, motioning for Robin to follow him to the lone bench.

He does so, nodding in appreciation as Nightwing also produces a blanket for them to sit on. He accepts the steaming cup, wrapping his hands around the warmth, and stares out over the empty park. They sit in silence for a few moments, both appeased with just sipping from their respective drinks.

“So,” Richard starts, interrupting the quiet, “Did you like the bike?”

“Yes,” Damian responds, turning away in embarrassment. “It was reconstructed well.”

“That’s good. I’m… I’m really glad you like it, Robin.”

He feels a blush creep up his neck, the sincerity and honest relief in Richard’s voice confusing. Of course he liked the bike. Why wouldn’t he? It was well done, the paint job adequate, and it rode properly. It was a good bike. Fantastic, really.

“Most of what you do is acceptable,” Damian admits, voice quiet. “It is difficult to critique.”

Nightwing sniffs, and Robin isn’t sure if it rises from the cold or from some inane emotion, but he scoots just the slightest bit closer. Seeing this, Richard slings an arm over Damian’s smaller shoulders, pulling him to his side. He doesn’t coo or make some joke about their closeness, and Damian is grateful for that.

“Happy holidays, Robin” he whispers.

Damian rests his head gently against his brother’s shoulder. “Yes, happy holidays, Nightwing.”

1 week before the funeral

“Hello? This is Clark Kent speaking.”

“Hey, Clark!”

“Dick!” Clark exclaims. “It’s good to hear from you! How’ve you been?”

“Pretty good, big man,” Dick says smoothly, his heart beat even enough for Clark to tell it isn’t a lie. A relief, actually. “How have you been? Saw you got hitched recently, eh?”

Clark blushes a bit. “Yeah, Lois and I got married about a month ago. We were sad you couldn’t come, we would’ve loved to have you there.”

“You know how it is,” Dick sighs. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to make it. I got caught up in some things and- yeah, sorry, Clark. I really wanted to be there.”

“Gosh, Dick,” the man of steel says hurriedly, “Please don’t feel guilty about that! I know how busy you are. Trust me, no hard feelings.”

“Scouts honor?” Dick teases.

“Scouts honor,” Clark assures.

They chuckle a bit, their shared boy-scout, goody-two-shoes reputation making the best inside joke.

“I’m really happy for you,” Dick says, almost a tad bit too wistfully. “You deserve happiness, Uncle Clark. Lois is a good woman and could probably beat both our asses with a single article. You… You did good finding her.”

“Yeah,” Clark sighs, “I’m a lucky man. I don’t know how I ended up with such a wonderful life. My family gets bigger everyday it seems. Dick, can I ask something?”

“Anything.”

“If Lois and I ever decide to have kids, would it be alright if we named a boy after you?”

Stunned silence. 

Clark can hear Dick’s heart rate increase dramatically, and for a moment, he thinks he’s made a mistake. Was that weird, to ask that? It’s just that, Dick was the first kid he ever met that made him believe in the future. Some scrawny kid with a heart of gold, and more, tagging alongside the ever stoic Batman; something about that image made him feel like there was more to life than the death he saw everyday. That the future he’s sure he won’t live long enough to see will be in good hands. That he won’t have to worry about laying to rest. That there might, one day, be peace.

“If that’s not okay,” Clark rushes, “We won't do it. It’s just, well I’ve known you since you were nine and you’ve become such an important part of my life, but if that makes you uncomfortable in any way, it-”

“No,” Dick says, voice cracking with emotion. “No, no, that’s… that’s fantastic, Clark. It would… That would be a huge honor, you’ve got no idea.”

He doesn’t comment on the suspicious sound of tears, nor the sniffling he hears.

“We were thinking of Richard Jonathan Kent. Has a nice ring to it, right?”

Dick laughs a little. “A bit of a mouth full, but sure. Maybe stick with RJ Kent?”

“Lois kind of liked Ric for short.”

“That’s a pass for me- makes it sound like the kid is some tough guy who chose a street name.”

“Don’t tell her this, but I kind of agree. I like RJ more.”

“I’ll keep my mouth shut. Scouts honor, obviously.”

A beat of amiable silence. Then, “You’re going to make a great uncle, Dick.”

Dick says nothing in response, but Clark can hear his heartbeat pick up again. He’s never been good with what a fast heart rate means, emotion wise at least, so he can only hope it means Dick is excited or perhaps even nervous about the prospect. God, he hopes it’s the former. Dick really would make a fantastic uncle; Clark can’t imagine anyone else who would suit the role better.

“Hey, listen,” Dick says, somewhat subdued. “I’ve got a favor to ask of you.”

“Anything,” Clark replies automatically.

“Could you keep a look out for Gotham for the next couple of weeks? I know you’ve got Metropolis and the Watchtower to keep you busy, but I’m going away soon and it’d make me feel better if someone could keep an eye out for Bruce while I’m gone.”

“Of course I’ll do that. I heard that the crime rate has been going up lately. Would you like me to do the same for Bludhaven?”

“Actually,” Dick hesitates, “Bludhaven is fine right now. I’ve been able to secure some of the major factions, so you don’t need to worry about us. Gotham has hit a rough patch, and I’m not going to be around to help out, you know? It’d just make me feel a lot better if you could keep an eye out if they need help.”

“I understand and of course I’ll watch out for Bruce. I know he doesn’t usually like me in Gotham, but I’ll keep my distance.”

“Thank you,” Dick sighs, as if a heavy weight had just been lifted off of his shoulders. “That makes me feel a lot better. Don’t get too busy while I’m gone, Uncle Clark. I can handle a nephew, but more than one and I might-”

“Yep, yep, got it,” Clark stammers, face going red. He hadn’t even thought past the one kid, but now that Dick mentions it, he’s always wanted a big family. Baby steps though. They just got married. “I’ll see you around, Dick.”

“Bye, Clark.”

Dick hangs up and Clark slowly puts down his phone. Lois stares at him from across the coffee table, putting down her newspaper and taking a deliberate bite of toast as she raises her eyebrows expectantly. 

“So?” she asks through a mouthful of bread.

“We’re approved,” Clark smiles, face lighting up as his wife (oh god, his wife, what a wonderful word) beams up at him. “Richard it is.”

4 days before the funeral

It’s not his favorite place to be, but Bruce will never deny that the Watchtower has a magnificent view. There will always be something calming about how infinitesimal life is. How small and yet utterly huge Earth is compared to the rest of the solar system and beyond. How their tiny, insignificant problems that seem to swallow them whole are nothing in reality. 

Problems like dealing with a controlling Vice President and a complaining Business Department. 

As of right now, the WE web-conference has been going on for the last hour and Bruce is ready to just shut down the transmission. He could claim that his connection is being interrupted, or that his computer has a virus, but he makes a fool of himself enough already. He doesn’t actually enjoy reading all those gossip magazines about his life, and he certainly doesn’t need “Boomer” to add to the list of names people, namely his children, have given him over the years.

The view of Earth gives him little remission of the headache slowly growing as some of the Heads talk over one another in an attempt to “argue” their position on whether or not the complaints should be taken seriously. Bruce, though he won’t say it aloud, agrees with the workers in the Business Department. He’s seen first hand how tactile the VP is, and though it’s good to know what’s going on in your department, it was nearing inappropriate levels of inspection, going so far as to do random and without warning drawer, desk, file, and computer checks. Once, he saw Jeremiah, the VP, demand a woman’s purse for inspection because he believed she might be taking home company data.

Needless to say, Bruce tries his best to give everyone a say in the matter. He runs a fair and sturdy company and it would be an abuse of his corporate power to make all the decisions himself.

It would make things a lot faster though, Bruce thinks, his pleasant smile fracturing a bit as the argument grows increasingly heated. 

It’s in the next hour of the web-conference that Bruce feels his phone vibrate in his pocket. Tempted as he is to take it out and check, he knows that it would be unwise to do so. If it was the League asking for something, then it would ring his pager. Additionally, if one of his kids needed something, they would know to message him with a different number or just have his phone set to a ringtone. It doesn't ring again and Bruce forgets about it.

The meeting eventually resolves, the conclusion of giving a warning to the VP and nothing else resulting in the near three our web-conference. Needing something to distract himself, Bruce discards his dress shirt and pants and exchanges it for the cowl.

The fact that he’s in the Watchtower is no coincidence or just for the pretty view. He’s here on League business, monitoring other parts of the world for what he hopes might be a clue as to why there have been so many spikes in criminal activity. It hasn’t just been in Gotham but all over North America and Europe. So far, Cambridge has seen an unprecedented amount of drug cartels overrunning its city, though the massive amounts have led to many of them being caught. It’s a pattern that’s fairly noticeable, the same thing occurring in New York and Metropolis. It’s especially concerning as Metropolis is relatively crime free, many organizations refusing to establish there knowing it would be shut down before it could start thanks to Superman.

Bruce envies that ability. 

He’s checking over a recent PD report from Cambridge when he feels a pocket shift in his utility belt, a slight rattling to accompany the vibrations. He knows it’s the same pocket he placed his work phone in earlier, and considers answering it even in the cowl. His fingers twitch against the keyboard he’s typing on, hesitation at being distracted from the report making him slow. However, he’s saved from making the decision when a transmission comes through on the screen in front of him.

Quickly accepting it, Batman directs Alpha Squad B to a potential cult they’ve been investigating for the last month. By the time he’s sufficiently guided them through the absolute maze of underground streets and other obstacles, he’s ready to re-read the report and begin categorizing it as separate or connected to the cartels.

Just as he’s pulled up the same file, he feels the shift again. It’s not unusual to receive so many calls in one day, but he feels uneasy. It’s a gut feeling, an instinct, and though he’s never one to trust a knee-jerk reaction, he can’t help but feel something is inherently wrong. That he shouldn’t ignore the call again.

He’s fingering the button in his utility belt, the anticipation suddenly mounting in his stomach, as he pulls out the sleek phone from his pocket and squints at the caller ID. It’s not registered as any contact on his phone, and he doesn’t immediately recognize the area code. He doesn’t typically receive scam calls, his company blocking most, and he’s made sure his number isn’t available anywhere so others can randomly call him. 

He watches as the unknown number disappears, another Missed Call notification popping up on his screen. His stomach does a small flip when he sees it’s the same number that called him twice earlier, each about an hour and a half apart. In total, three missed calls and now one voicemail. 

Suddenly feeling uncomfortable, Bruce gets up from his station, quickly notifying the League for someone to take over his monitor position in the Watchtower. Though his steps are measured and his face calm, he feels his heart rate increase exponentially as he finally recognizes the area code.

Bludhaven.

Bludhaven.

Everything else washes away with the realization that it might’ve been Dick calling him. That Dick might’ve called him three times and he didn’t pick up. That Dick might be in danger or that he might’ve lost his phone. That he had no other choice but to call from an unknown number because he didn’t have access to his own. 

Thousands of what if scenarios run through his mind as he hurries his way to the zeta tubes, a thousand more concerns and scary thoughts bombarding his mind. It’s about seven pm in Gotham. Dick would have gotten off his shift at the BPD around four. Dick doesn’t typically go out as Nightwing until eight. The first call came in around three, Gotham time. Then, an hour and a half later, the second call, and just now, four hours after the initial call, the third comes in along with a voicemail. 

That’s a five hour time gap starting from the first call to the last. That would mean Dick was still at the BPD during the first and most likely leaving or at his apartment during the second. The third…. Bruce isn’t sure.

He zetas into New York City, an abandoned bridge overhead and a lifeless moor surrounding it. The Batmobile is on the other side of the bridge, and he swiftly maneuvers into the vehicle and begins driving to Gotham. The drive from NYC all the way to Gotham will take nearly two hours. Bruce grits his teeth at the idea. Even with back roads and blowing past speed limits, the best he’d be able to do is an hour. At least.

The tension in his body only mounts as he glances at the dash, the bright notification of 3 Missed Calls and 1 Voicemail  nailing him with guilt. He can’t bring himself to listen to the voicemail yet. He’s too frazzled. He might even be over-reacting. It’s a Bludhaven number, yes, but Bludhaven has a population nearing 900,000. That’s almost a million people with a Bludhaven area code. It could have been anyone calling. It doesn’t have to be Dick.

But Dick is the only one that would call, a voice in the back of his head reminds him. He’s the only one with this phone number that would call it. No one else has this number outside of some WE workers and family. There’s no one else it could be.

No, another voice argues. That’s not guaranteed. Your phone number has been leaked before. Some careless intern could have left a form out or taken a picture and sold the information to scammers. 

“Then why would they leave a voicemail?” Bruce mutters to himself, his tongue dry at the thought. “No one leaves voicemails.”

No one except those that have urgent news. No one except those that need you.

Bruce wants to pull over and take a breath. His grip on the steering wheel is enough to leave indents, the gauntlets leaving marks on his wrists as they pinch and squeeze with the pressure. He can’t stop though. The pressure building in his skull is enough to make him wince, but he can’t stop. He can’t. 

Before he even registers what he’s doing, he’s pressed play on the voicemail.

“Hello.”

The first thing that Bruce realizes is that it’s not Dick. It’s a woman’s voice. His shoulders sag in relief, muscles unclenching in his arms as the sudden release of tension leaves him light headed. It’s not Dick. Thank god, it’s not Dick.

“This is the Bludhaven Memorial Hospital.”

And just like that, Bruce feels everything come rushing back in as he feels his stomach convulse.

“I am calling on behalf of Richard John Grayson. You are listed as his only available emergency contact.The situation is dire, so please come to the hospital as soon as possible. Again, it is Bludhaven Memorial Hospital.”

Time slows down. The imperceptible ticking and clicking of the engine becomes a roar, his heart beat thrumming furiously in a twisted rhythm of terror and pure, adrenaline filled, panic. There is nothing else but him and the impossibly long road ahead, a tunnel of only the headlights of the car to recognize the asphalt. Suddenly, he’s on fire. His hands are sweltering in his gauntlets and he thinks if he doesn’t take them off right then and there, he’ll come away with third degree burns.

It’s dangerous to pull your hands off the steering wheel at such high speeds. He’s taught each of his kids to never be distracted on the road, to always have both hands on the wheel, and under no circumstance, never ever pull out your phone.

He breaks all three of his rules in the span of two seconds. His gauntlets go flying into the passenger seat, his eyes are wild and roaming, and all he can think to do is grab his phone, his work phone, Bruce Wayne’s phone, and hit dial.

It rings only once.

“Hello?”

“Alfred,” and Bruce hardly recognizes his own voice. His mind is in a sea of confusion and horrible, horrible thoughts and conclusions and all he can think to say is, “Dick’s hurt.”

And this is the man who has raised him, who has become his surrogate father, and even in this panic, this swirl of whatever it is he’s lost himself in because right now he still feels like he’s on fire and the car is still loud and grating and there’s hardly anything else in the world other than the black, empty void of road in front of him, Bruce still looks to him for guidance. He’s nearing 50 and yet the urge for comfort from the old butler, his rock in all the world, is his first instinct. 

It’s a two way street, of course, and just as Bruce knows Alfred, Alfred knows him.

“You are reaching alarming speeds, my boy,” Alfred says, his voice solid. “I suggest you slow down or pull over.”

“Dick’s hurt. ”

“Yes, I know, but at the moment there is nothing to do but calm yourself. Put down the phone, son, and slow down. ”

“Alfred-”

“Listen to how I breathe. Copy it. Put your hands on the steering wheel and breathe with me.”

Bruce has no other choice but to follow Alfred’s firm words, and even though the emblem on his chest feels like it’s suffocating him, Bruce allows his rib-cage to expand and deflate with each passing moment. It’s an eternity, or maybe it’s only a minute, but he doesn’t feel like he’s burning any longer. Both his hands are on the steering wheel, still tight enough to leave his fingers aching, but he’s in control again. 

Slowly, the Batmobile grinds to a halt. 

“Are you alright now?”

“Yes,” is all Bruce can manage. “It’s been nearly five hours.”

“Five hours, Master Bruce?”

“I got a call from the Bludhaven hospital five hours ago. They called two more times. I… I didn’t pick up.”

“And you believe that Master Dick is injured at this hospital?”

“Yes, I got a voicemail. It’s…. I think it’s bad this time, Alfred. I’m still over an hour away from the hospital and it’s already been five hours.”

“I’m sure that Master Dick is alright-”

“No, they said it was dire. The situation was dire five hours ago and it’s still…. god, Alfred, I didn’t pick up. I didn’t pick up.”

The older man is silent for a few moments, and Bruce can feel the desperation and dread pooling into his stomach like lead. The crushing guilt that’s making his head feel light and the Batmobile that much smaller is making him dizzy. He can’t lose it right now. Not again. Dick called. Dick needs him. 

“Are you fit enough to keep driving, Master Bruce?” Alfred asks abruptly.

He can only grunt in what he hopes is affirmation.

“I am sending you coordinates,” the butler explains. “I will rendezvous with you there. It won’t be a staggering time difference, but it will surely be shorter than the route you are currently on. I will also be providing you with some more appropriate clothing.”

His foot is off the break before he even looks at the rendezvous point, and the world is a blur again.

Twenty minutes pass and Bruce thinks he’s only just blinked before he sees the sleek black Bently pull onto the dusty back road. He’s already rid himself of his cowl and detached the cape, but he is reluctant to leave behind his utility belt. Whenever he’s stressed or working himself up, having something on hand to protect himself always makes him feel more… secure. Like he has two feet on the ground and not a body submerged in water.

When he pulls open the side door, belt in hand, Alfred merely glances at it before starting up the engine and driving off. Even though the road is relatively smooth, and the old butler has been driving far longer than most professional chauffeurs, Bruce struggles to button up his shirt, fingers suddenly too large and stiff to properly secure the too small clasps. The simple act is somehow unreasonably frustrating and he can feel heat building in the back of his eyes. Why is this so hard? Why can’t he do this? It’s just a dress shirt. It’s so simple, so easy, and all he has to do is follow the pattern, follow the obvious placement and direction of the buttons. Why is this so hard? 

Why can’t he do anything right?

Bruce breathes out heavily through his nose, rubbing harshly at his eyes until he sees stars. He needs to calm down. Reevaluate. Reason with himself. Be sensible. What does he know? What has he learned? Start with the basics.

    He received the first call from the hospital at 2:55 pm, Gotham time. The hospital called twice more after, only leaving a voicemail after the third.
    Each call was almost an hour and a half apart.
    The situation is dire. Dick has been in the hospital for at least five hours; possibly more.
    Dick had him listed as his only emergency contact. 
    Dick was hurt. Severely. Badly. Direly. Enough to be hospitalized for more than just a patch-job.
    That’s it.

The short list does little to ease him. He knows so little. There are so many variables, factors, situations, circumstances, everything he doesn’t know. For instance, why were the times in between calls so lengthy? Why only leave a voicemail on the latest call? What was the cause of Dick’s hospitalization? Why was Bruce, of all people, his only emergency contact? How did Dick get hurt? How badly? To what extent? Why a hospital and not Dr.Thompskins? Does that mean Dick was forced to the hospital? Why?

Why did it take so long for him to pick up the damn phone?

“We’re arriving in ten minutes, sir,” Alfred calls from the front. “I suggest you finish getting ready.”

Bruce blinks, his chest aching like he’d been holding his breath the entire time. It takes him a moment, but slowly the sounds of city life surround him. It’s 8:30 pm in Bludhaven, and the night life has only just begun to creep out. Flashy signs, drunk drivers, the homeless, trash, addicts, police sirens; it’s just like Gotham. The sister city. 

Somehow, Bruce manages to secure the last few buttons, barely able to stop his hands from shaking. Is he nervous? No, that’s not it. Bruce is terrified. Completely terrified. Even as the Bentley pulls up the main entrance of the hospital, he can hardly find it within himself to remain calm. His face is frozen in a perpetual look of strain, lips squeezed together in an effort to slow down his racing heart. He barely hears Alfred tell him he’s going to park, and all he can focus on is the white lights and sliding doors.

Immediately as he enters, Bruce can feel his stomach churn like he’s about to throw up. Hospitals were never good. Are never good. The smell of antiseptic and steel are stark and everywhere, and even though it was just the main entrance, Bruce could almost convince himself that he was surrounded by the sick and dying. That he was next to them all and all these injuries were just another consequence of his inaction.

There’s a line at the reception desk, three people in front of him, all waiting to be “checked in” or see someone. It is difficult to remain still or insist that the matter at hand was more important than whatever trifle thing they were doing, but Bruce reminds himself where he is and who he is. Bruce Wayne helps people, not hinders them. He just… he just needs to be patient. Dick was fine. Dick was okay. He was being taken care of. 

But Dick is hurt. He’s hurt. Been hurt. God, why didn’t he answer the first time? Why didn’t he just take a second to actually think ? Dick is hurt and he’s-

“Can I help you, sir?”

He has to shake himself away from the overwhelming thoughts, fixing his eyes on the woman in front of him. The voice is familiar, lower in register but soothing at the same time. It’s the same woman from the voicemail. The same one who called three times to receive no answer.

“Please,” Bruce says, jaw tight from having clenched his teeth so much. “I-I got a call earlier. I’m Bruce Wayne, the emergency contact for Richard Grayson.”

The woman nods, her name tag reading Cecelia, and begins flipping through a few pages on a clipboard. 

“Can I see your ID, please?”

He hands it over wordlessly, watching as she hums when verification comes through. However, her eyes dart up to his, the slightest bit anxious, before looking back down again at her clipboard. Hastily, she grabs the reception phone and dials, waiting but a few seconds before quietly saying, “Dr.Hammot, please go to Room 42. A ‘Bruce Wayne’ will be there for Richard Grayson.”

She hangs up, fiddling with a few pages again, before looking towards him. “Dr.Hammot is going to inform you about everything in Room 42. It’s on the first floor, directly behind me and to the left. If you need help, ask any of our staff and they’ll help guide you.”

She doesn’t make direct eye contact the entire time, sliding back his ID without so much as a glance. Bruce notes that her fingers are slightly shaky, not much, but enough that he can tell with the way her hand twitches as it retreats from the counter. 

He pockets the card, staring ahead at the direction she had motioned to. Room 42. Dr.Hammot. Inform. Guide him. Staff.

“Thank you, Ms.Cecelia,” he says, hurriedly walking away and towards the hallway. 

She simply nods, attending to the next person in line, but not before letting her face dip into a frown. It’s so sad, she thinks. Nothing is worse than finding out this way.

It’s scarcely a minute before Bruce finds the room, letting himself in to the sight of a padded couch, a few chairs, a couple pillows, and a small table in the middle of the room. It looks nothing like an examination room, nor a place for a sick person to stay. 

It sets Bruce on edge.

He’s connecting the pieces together, things are falling into place, and each time he solves the puzzle, he forces himself to erase it all and rethink the conclusion. He has to rethink it because there’s no way the outcome could be true. It’s not possible and Bruce refuses to think it’s the only interpretation of what’s going on. Dick was fine. Dick was hospitalized, but he was fine.

Dick has to be fine. 

Bruce doesn’t know what he’s going to do if he’s not.

He waits for what feels like hours, pacing back and forth in the small but comfortable room, occasionally hitting his foot on the legs of the chairs. His palm is stinging, he knows he’s fallen into old habits again, but the anxiety running through him, the unknown screaming in his face, is all too much to ignore and stave off. The patience he has runs thin on a normal day, and now that there are no outlets other than the blunt nails on his fingers and the calloused skin on his palms, Bruce finds that he doesn’t mind the distraction.

Finally, the door opens. 

Perhaps finally isn’t the right word.

“Hello,” a man who looks to be in his forties says, graying hair cutting through clean black. “I hope I didn’t keep you long.”

Bruce can only glance at the clock on the far wall, realizing the hours were only three minutes, and extend his hand. “It’s fine. Dr.Hammot, I’m assuming?”

“Yes,” he replies, face tired and voice worn. “I am the Chief of medicine here at Bludhaven.”

Bruce licks his lips. His mouth is suddenly a lot drier than it had been a minute ago. “I’m Bruce Wayne. I… I got a call. About Richard. Richard Grayson. My son.”

Dr.Hammot nods, but his head bobs in a way that tells it’s not a happy agreement. His shoulders are tense, the notepad in his left hand is tightly gripped, and his posture is leaning away from Bruce and towards the door. Whatever he’s about to say is something he knows Bruce doesn’t want to hear. He’s expecting a reaction. A poor reaction.

Dr.Hammot gestures towards the chairs in the middle of the room, beginning to take small steps towards the coffee table. “Please, sit with me, Mr.Wayne.”

But Bruce is much too wound up and tense, and Dr.Hammot is much too solemn to deliver any good news and sitting down is the worst idea Bruce can think of at the moment. Sitting down means something bad. Sitting down means… sitting down means....

“I’d prefer to stand,” is all Bruce can say, wetting his lips again. His throat feels sore. Is he getting sick?

“Okay,” Dr.Hammot assents easily enough, stopping his slow steps and returning to face Bruce. “I’m not going to force you to do anything you don’t want to, but I believe sitting down might make things easier.”

“I… I’ll stand. Thank you.”

And Dr.Hammot nods again, setting down his notepad and grasping his hands together as he raises his eyes to meet Bruce’s.

“I’m sorry, Mr.Wayne, and there’s no easy way to say this, but….”

His heart is beating fast, his left arm is numb, or at least he thinks it’s numb, and he can barely hear anything over the roar of blood in his ears, but he can read lips well enough, and for a moment, the world falls.

“Richard is dead.”

It falls and crumbles and he’s left standing on the last jagged ledge left, watching as darkness envelops the entirety of it all. There’s no light. There’s no air. There’s no noise. 

It’s just him.

Him and the open void that gapes like a flesh wound. Bleeding and ugly and filled with pain.

How could he ever think any of this was insignificant? 

“I’m sorry for your loss.”

And now Bruce is the one nodding. He’s not sure why, but he’s nodding and there’s this pain building at the very base of his skull, so maybe that’s why he’s nodding. Nodding means agreement right? What did he just agree to? Why is he agreeing? Loss? Sorry? What?

“Is there anything I can do for you, Mr.Wayne? Is there anyone you’d like to call?”

“How?”

Dr.Hammot has to lean in closer, careful to keep his distance because sometimes those close to the victim are violent, but he asks, “Excuse me? I’m sorry but I wasn’t able to hear you.”

“How?” Bruce repeats, a pleading note gathering at the end. His throat feels worse, like he’s been swallowing sand for the fun of it. “How did he die? How did my son die?”

And this is the part no one talks about because how do you tell someone? How do you describe death to someone? How do you tell someone that there was no peace? 

“Richard’s pancreatic cancer had advanced to a stage where non-chemo treatment wasn’t enough to combat it. His body couldn’t take the stress anymore and he collapsed. Richard arrived in an ambulance, but after two revival attempts, it would have been inhumane to continue further. I… Please know, Mr.Wayne, we did everything we could.”

The words ‘cancer’ and ‘revival attempts’ are the only things Bruce can focus on.

Suddenly, that ledge he’s standing on crumbles too, and he’s left plummeting. 

And maybe he actually falls, or maybe he just stumbles, or maybe he’s just taking a step back, but Dr.Hammot is holding his wrist in a steading grip and of course Bruce’s first reaction is to pull away, perhaps even punch the offender, but he looks up first and stops.

There are tears gathering in the doctor’s eyes, a glaze overshadowing blue pigment, and Bruce has to blink because he sees Dick’s eyes for a moment. He sees his eldest son’s eyes and feels a wetness build up in his own, threatening to release the storm inside him and spill his darkest secrets.

“Richard was a good man,” Dr.Hammot says, conveying an understanding Bruce doesn’t know what to make of. “He was a truly good person, Mr.Wayne. One of the best I ever met.”

Bruce blinks again and the recognition is gone. Dr.Hammot’s eyes are green.

“I know,” he says, twisting his arm out of the doctor’s loose grip. “I know he is.”

They stand there in silence for a minute. Not a word is spoken. Not a breath is loud. It is just quiet. There is just space. There is just a void.

Bruce licks his lips again. They’re chapped, badly so, and his tongue is still dry, but he’ll pass off the habit for now. There are… There are more important things right now.

“Can I see him?” he asks, his fingertips cold against the roughness of his palm. 

Dr.Hammot has to think for a moment, frowning slightly. There is a conflict going on in his mind, a problem he isn’t sure how to breach. He’s not supposed to, and the body has been identified but- He owes this much, at least, to Richard’s family.

“Yes, you can see him. It’ll take awhile, but yes. You can see Richard’s body.”

“Can I see him now? I need to confirm it. I need to see that it’s him before… Before I tell everyone else.”

He’d most likely be breaking a health code, breaching some privacy law, and a hundred other protocols when it comes to the morgue, but he can’t say no. This is no longer Bruce Wayne standing in front of him; this is a father struggling. A father who no longer has a son. How can he deny that?

“You’ll have to wear gloves,” Dr.Hammot starts, voice slightly strained, “and you’ll be given an ID among other things, but I believe it can be arranged. Give me a few moments to prepare things. Would you like anyone to wait with you?”

Bruce shakes his head, fishing out his phone and staring at it. In his peripherals, he sees Dr.Hammot exit, notebook in hand, and the door shuts. It seems to set off a reaction as he feels the raging fire behind his eyes finally crest and the first tears rolls out. It lands on his phone screen, smudging his already blurry eyesight further, and his inability to even type in his passcode frustrates him beyond measure. 

It’s six digits. Easy enough. He knows it by heart, hardly even needs to look at the screen, but Try Again flashes in his face over and over. God-dammit, he is trying. He’s trying so hard. He didn’t get it right the first time, he knows that, he knows that, but he tried so hard the second time around, and the third, and the fourth, and the fifth, sixth, seventh…

Try Again.

Try Again.

Try Again.

Another tear rolls down his face and Bruce squeezes his eyes shut, bracing against the urge to shout. He can feel it building up in his chest, feel the ache grow and become monstrous as it tears at his lungs. 

Not yet. Not yet.

Dick was fine. Dick is fine. There is no call. There is no hospital. There is no Dr.Hammot. There is no cancer. There are no revival attempts. There is no morgue. Dick is fine. He’s overreacting. Dick is fine. Dick is fine. Dick is fine. Fine. Fine. Fine. Fine.

“Mr.Wayne,” a voice calls to him, “Please follow me.”

It’s all a haze, the process. A nurse guides him down down down numerous hallways, back entrances, signs that are meant as a warning, doors that shouldn’t be crossed. It gets colder the farther they go, colder and emptier and it’s so much the opposite of the burning fire in his chest that Bruce almost feels the need to laugh.

He never thought anywhere in the world would be colder than his tired soul.

He’s asked to wash his hands, take off his shoes, put on some provided sandals, take off his coat, put on some rubber surgical gloves, and then wait. Wait.

And then Dr.Hammot appears and tells him things. Things like: Richard’s body has been covered by a sheet, please don’t disturb it, his face has been left bare so you can see him, you’ll be in a room with him and you’ll be given privacy, you can’t stay too long, there’s only so many rules he can stretch, it may be frightening but don’t be alarmed, the body has been placed in storage for the better part of six hours, there has been no autopsy and there will be none unless asked, and and and-

Bruce stops listening. 

His heart is in his ears and there is blood in his throat. 

He can’t see the numerous others stored among the decrepit room, but in the center is an opaque sheet, and just behind it is a cot. There is a mass on that cot. A light from above illuminates the room with a cleanliness and almost holy luminescent sheen. 

Bruce decides he hates it.

He hates the sound the plastic sheet makes even more as he pulls it back slightly, stepping into the enclosed area. It can hardly be called privacy, but it’s…

All of his breath leaves him at once, and perhaps another part of him escapes too as he gazes at the still face of his first. His eldest. His son.

Dick’s eyes are closed. His mouth is shut, lips sealed together, chapped and blue. His cheek bones jut out from the sides, sharp and gaunt and hollowing his face. Bruce doesn’t take the time to wonder when he got so thin, and slowly raises a gloved hand.

He stops inches away from thin, black hair. There are patches missing, not enough to be blatant, but enough to see that it wasn’t healthy or full. He pulls his hand away, suddenly terrified at the notion of feeling brittle hair where it should’ve been soft and shiny. 

His skin is a sickly yellow, a contrast to the rich tones of brown Dick usually sported. The sun had blessed Dick throughout his entire life, and now, he was left bare and stripped of the pigment that gave him life. 

Dick was…. dead?

For a moment, Bruce feels a wild theory run through him. Perhaps he’s not. Perhaps he’s just sleeping, or playing one of those jokes he loved to do as a kid. One of those pranks that would last for a whole afternoon, Dick playing sick and wearing a heating pad to feign a fever and Bruce taking care of him the whole day. A stunt he would pull as Robin where he’d pretend to hurt himself on a flip so he could ride on Batman’s shoulders the remainder of the time. Yes, perhaps Dick was just messing around. He’d always been good at pretending.

It’s a wild theory but a theory nonetheless for Bruce as he slowly places two fingers underneath Dick’s nose. The boy was good at holding his breath, his record four minutes and fifteen seconds, but bruce had already been in the plastic room for three. He could play the waiting game.

But then four minutes passed and it turned into five and Bruce could no longer convince himself Dick was trying at a new record. But, Dick was good at games like these. He was always so smart and able to play up a character whether it be for undercover work or charades night.

No one could hide a heartbeat though and Bruce feels a queasy and manic grin etch itself onto his face as he moves the two fingers to the side of his son’s neck. Yes, no one could hide a heartbeat. He would find it and would count the number of beats and all would be well. They would laugh and Bruce would congratulate his son on a prank well played and then he would phone Alfred to set up a movie night. Dick liked hot-chocolate, so maybe they’d pick up some marshmallows on their way to the manor and… yes. It was perfect.

Bruce waited. Pressed his fingers into the jugular and stared at his watch. Three seconds. Five. Ten. Seventeen. Thirty. Forty-five. A minute.

No one could hide a heartbeat.

One minute twenty seconds.

No one could hide a heartbeat for long. 

One minute fifty seconds.

If there was a heartbeat, he’d feel it. He’s been doing this since forever, he knows how to look for a heartbeat.

Two minutes and four seconds.

There has to be a heartbeat. There has to be. If there wasn’t then that would mean. That would mean. 

The delusion he’d convinced himself of falls apart and Bruce feels his heart squeeze. His mouth draws into a thin line and his chin crumples and his eyes squint with the effort not to bawl. He places both gloved hands onto his son’s perfect, sickly face and almost recoils at how cold and lifeless it is. 

“Dick,” he breathes, wet and hollow. “Chum. It’s time… it’s time to wake up. I know it’s been hard, but it’s time to get up.”

There’s no response, of course there isn’t, and the frown marring Dick’s temple, frozen there for the rest of time, makes Bruce feel something shatter and bleed inside of him.

“I know you’re tired,” he continues, ignoring the hot tears that roll down his nose, “and I know you fought your hardest. I wish… I wish you would’ve told me, chum. I wish I had been there for you. I wish I could’ve fought for you.”

The harsh light above them makes Dick paler, skin mixtures of blue and purple and yellow and all these ghastly colors that have no place on someone like his son. On someone as good as Richard Grayson.

“I didn’t tell you enough,” Bruce says, the words strangled and weeping with sorrow, “but I love you. I loved you so much that it scared me sometimes. I pushed you away. I pushed and you still came back. Why? Why did you always come back? What did I do to deserve someone like you?”

He rubs his thumbs back and forth across the papery skin, seeing and memorizing every scar and wrinkle and freckle on Dick’s still face. 

“You were my reason for living,” Bruce confesses, voice softer and only meant for his son’s ears. “You were my reason for getting up in the morning. For putting on the cowl and believing that I was doing something good in the world. That there was still hope for us, even with all our faults. You were my robin, Dick. My new beginning.”

He has to stop and take a breath because the tears that roll down his face are staining his son’s face and Dick never deserved Bruce’s shame. He never deserved any of what Bruce had to offer him: a lonely home filled with silence, absence, and loss. It was only what Dick gave that made the Manor special. That made Gotham worth protecting. Because if Dick could be reborn despite all the tragedy, blood, and desolation in his life, then perhaps others could be too.

Perhaps Batman could be too.

“You did so much, chum,” Bruce whispers. “You did so much and gave yourself away to a city that didn’t deserve you. I… I never deserved you, Dick, but you are my son. You are my son and I should have told you that sooner. I should have told you… told you what you mean to me. You are my first son and I am beyond grateful you let me be your…”

He pauses. Dick never… he never really said it, did he? Bruce can’t remember, but. But. 

One more mercy, Bruce thinks to himself, another onslaught of tears defiling his face. One more mercy I’ll allow for myself. 

“I am beyond grateful you let me be your second father,” he finishes, cupping Dick’s delicate features in hands that have held numerous other bodies before. That have been the cause of suffering and demise in countless others, and now. Now he holds the face of another he’s failed. “I am grateful you let me watch you grow up. That you let me have the privilege of knowing a man as great as you. You are better than I will ever be, Dick. 

I should have told you that.”

He takes one last look through his haze, struggling to permanently ingrain into his mind this moment. This remnant of what was once his son. Dick was light. He was pure. He was hope and love and determination and strength and everything Bruce could only ever wish to be.

But right now, here in the morgue with nothing but a plastic sheet to shield his grief, his sorrow, his guilt, right now, the man lying before him was but a shell of what once was.

And the man standing in front of the shell?

He was probably emptier.

“I’m sorry, Dick. I’m so sorry.”
Notes:

    Hey guys! First off, thank you for all your comments! I do respond to all of them, and they are a joy to read!

    So, what are your thoughts this time around? I dumped a lot on you guys (as usual) and, if you'll notice, almost all of these conversations are over the phone or with Dick hiding his face

    Let me know your thoughts~

    Also!! @viceturtle made more fanart!! They are absolutely amazing and I love them with all my heart

     

    Dick and Damian sharing a drink AND The Three Stooges with their 7/11 slushies

Chapter 5: Family Lens: Part III- Lifetimes of Funerals
Notes:

    Just a small reminder that this is a mainly character driven story

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

“There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than a thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.” 

- Washington Irving

He’s dedicated nearly his entire life to the Waynes. Every step of the way, he has guided its youngest heir through life; through all his struggles, triumphs, losses, victories, pains, and horrible, horrible grief. Every moment, every monument, every tear, every day.

Alfred Pennyworth has lived two lifetimes, and they can be defined by the Before and the After. The Before wasn’t easy; there were aches and pains and secrets, but there was also the adrenaline of serving in the darkness. Of fighting for a greater cause. Of concealing an identity only known to a few. He fought for his country and Queen and couldn’t be prouder for his service.

However, the Before was… too difficult. There was never a moment's rest, never a time where he felt as if he were allowed to sit down and simply be. There was always movement, always a problem, always something detrimental that seemed as if the world would end should he ever choose to rest his weary feet. Friends, family, companions; all things he was not allowed to have for the sake of his mission. For the sake of his job. That time in his life was brief. One gets out of the service rather quickly if the soul is not given to it completely. He was still a man after all. Still young and restless and oh, how he wished for simplicity and routine and a semblance of normal. There was none in his life. Not until the After.

In the After, he met the Wayne family. A gala, hosted by some successful company that he couldn’t care to know the name of. Thomas Wayne was a handsome young doctor of twenty seven, married to an intelligent and fiery Martha Wayne, light on her feet despite a heavy pregnancy. 

“Bruce,” she smiled. “Bruce Thomas Wayne. He’ll be a darling little boy, though if he’s anything like his father, he’s sure to be a handful.”

“And if he’s anything like his mother,” Thomas laughed, “He’ll have the wit to back it up.”

They were a beautiful couple. Happy, in-love, and ready to push themselves to be greater. To do greater. To help others be greater.

“Oh, no, I’m afraid not,” Martha apologized. “We live in America. We’re here on business, though we wish we could stay longer. The United Kingdom is lovely; it reminds me of Gotham.”

Gotham was a dreary place, filled with dark clouds, scum, and poverty up to its knees. The Wayne family had been established there for generations though; the latest heir, Thomas, doing his best to finally make permanent change. 

“If you’d ever like to visit, we would love to show you around,” Thomas offered, grinning in that unusual American way that always seemed too open. Too friendly. Too trusting. “And if you’re ever looking for a job, Wayne Enterprises would be happy to do an interview.”

Alfred credits himself with having an excellent memory. He’s always up-to-date on world events, old habits die hard, and he can keep track of nearly every important conversation of his life and recall it as if it had just happened. 

But, somehow, he found himself bereft of all memory concerning how he got himself a permanent visa and a job in the Wayne household. One day, he was in his homeland drinking tea and aimless in what to do, and the next, he finds himself in charge of an entire household of maids and house-keepers and gardeners and chefs and door-men and security and every single person that makes the Wayne Manor tick.

And then, Master Bruce is born. Mister Wayne delivers the child himself, proudly crying as he holds his wailing son and his beloved wife’s hand. Alfred would be a cheat if he denied there were no tears on his end, but it is a happy day and beautiful for everyone.

They call Master Bruce “Gotham’s Prince”, and Alfred finds it carries a nice ring even if it is quite egotistical. 

The boy takes after his mother, as his father predicted. He’s intelligent for a baby, understanding his name almost overnight and having an attitude that would make the British Crown cry. Though it takes time for his hair to grow, a few months at that, Alfred is shockingly pleased to see the full mutation of jet black hair and icy blue eyes that shimmer in the light. He is a gorgeous child with an adorable, gummy smile and Alfred finds himself becoming overwhelmingly attached. 

The first time Master Bruce says, “Alfie”, he has to restrain himself from shedding a few unsightly tears.

The Wayne’s are a busy couple, Martha running Wayne Enterprises and Thomas overseeing a large portion of the Gotham City Hospital. They make time for their son, they are magnificent parents in that way, but in the times where their schedules simply won’t allow it, Alfred takes care of him. Master Bruce grows in bursts, gaining a few inches one year and then stopping the next.

Alfred teaches him everything he knows, except things a six year old should not know. He teaches the young Master how to perfect a brew of tea, how to properly bake a scone, how to decode Morse and read the classics. He finds Master Bruce especially fond of Edgar Allen Poe; odd for a child who still doesn’t know how to tie his own shoelaces.

The Waynes treat him as family. Every holiday, and America has many, he is invited to attend the galas, eat at the family and formal dining tables, and even go on vacation with them. He finds it odd at first as he’s never been employed by someone who cares so deeply and wants to form a bond, but he goes along with it. 

Once, and he’ll never speak a word of it, Master Bruce calls him, “Grandfather.” Immediately he corrects the young boy, saying, “No, I am not your grandfather; I am your butler and you will address me as nothing else. “

Alfred will be buried in the ground before he ever admits that his heart had soared at being called such a word.

It is two years later when tragedy strikes. He is alone in the Manor, having sent off the rest of the servants for the night, when he gets a call from the GCPD. The words Commissioner Gordon tells him leave his blood cold and his head impossibly frantic, and the only thing he can do is drive and find the boy who was left in an alleyway, forever orphaned. 

The days that follow are filled with nothing but grief and abhorrent confusion.

They left Wills, instructions for what to do with their fortune, who to give the company over to, when to give Master Bruce his due: everything. Alfred feels his heart stutter when he finds the funeral plans as well. He feels his heart clench even more when he finds their son’s.

He’s never planned a funeral. He has attended a few, but he hardly knew the nameless in those coffins. This, though, this was different. This was Thomas and Martha Wayne, who opened their hearts and their home to him, and in their wake, left him their child as well.

Alfred lays awake many nights after the joint funeral, wondering if he had done it all right. Wondering if the flowers were to Master Bruce’s liking. Wondering if the burial ground was going to be well-kept or how often Master Bruce would like to visit. Wondering if he could ever amount to be what that small and frightened eight year old needed him to be.

He tries to fill the void with life in the ancient household. He refuses to touch any of the late Wayne’s things, only going near their bedroom to clean. Often, he takes Master Bruce out and away from the suffocation he feels, finding retribution in scouring old libraries and studies for first-edition classics and the like.

It is nearly enough. It is nearly enough to help heal the wound in Master Bruce’s shredded heart, but it is not. He grows into a fine young man, no longer “Gotham’s Prince” but “Gotham’s Playboy”. Alfred worries he hadn’t done enough, hadn’t taught him enough about life and what to do, when he reads those ghastly articles and gossip podcasts.

But when Master Bruce returns from his long nights at clubs, and he is already an adult but Mister Wayne was his father and Alfred can’t quite bring up a dead-man yet, it hurts too much to say the name of someone he loved and considered family, Alfred knows that he is still the same little boy that gasped and oo-ed and awe-ed at the writings of Poe. He knows this when Master Bruce comes to sit beside him in front of the fireplace, leaning his head against the butler’s shoulder like the world has rested its weight upon his tortured soul.

And perhaps it did because Master Bruce disappears. He disappears for months and then reappears, covered in scars and with a new heaviness in his eyes with each disappearance and eventual return. Alfred does not question his charge on where he goes. He is simply happy he comes back home.

Home.

Gotham is Batman’s home. More so than Bruce Wayne’s.

Master Bruce is at the young and tender age of twenty six when he first dons the emblem. Only a year younger than his father when Alfred first met him, and sometimes a certain twang resounds in his chest every time he looks at the boy because he has Thomas’s sharp jaw and Martha’s bright eyes, but they are overshadowed by the sleepless nights and the purple bruises that appear every day. 

Sometimes it hurts to look at his boy, his son, when all he can see are ghosts.

Only a year into his crusade does Master Bruce’s life take another turn. A much needed turn that appears in the form of an angry and gangly Richard John Grayson. 

Perhaps Master Bruce had found a connection between himself and the boy. Both orphaned at a young age, parents murdered for some paper bills, and a lifetime of sorrow ahead of them. But the boy comes with an angry soul, thirsting for revenge and shriveling away as the weeks pass by with no result, even with Batman’s interference.

Before the boy is taken in under Master Bruce’s care, he sponsors the Grayson funeral. Unlike the Wayne’s, there are no preparations or instructions or anything to go by on how to plan their farewell. Richard, a child of nine, can only say that their traditions insisted that everything in their possession be burned, lest they carry unwanted memories and denials of the past.

The nine year old is intelligent and wise beyond his years, but he carries a heavy burden.

Alfred takes it upon himself to plan the funeral, taking into consideration what the boy says and preparing accordingly. And, just like before, thoughts and questions torment him for days after, wondering if he had done everything right or if everything was wrong. Richard says nothing and Alfred vows to himself to never have a hand in planning another funeral.

And then, the Grayson killer is caught and Richard comes to the Manor. Not adopted, no, Master Bruce cannot take the responsibility, or so he says, and he becomes Master Dick. The nickname is old fashioned and takes a while to get accustomed to, but Alfred manages and the Manor finally becomes filled with the life and light he had been searching for all those years ago.

Master Bruce loves the boy but a dark part of Alfred snarls that he doesn’t love him enough. If Master Bruce had truly loved Master Dick, then he would never have allowed him to appear by Batman’s side. They are happy though and Alfred keeps his mouth shut; if only for the sake of all of their sanities.

And then, Master Dick grows up.

It happens in the blink of an eye but suddenly he has too many responsibilities and too little time and all Batman wants is a loyal partner, a loyal soldier, and Master Dick cannot do everything he does and still remain as dedicated to Batman as Robin could be.

The day Master Dick leaves, is kicked out onto the streets, struggling against tears as he hands over the Manor’s key, is a day Alfred will never forget. 

He does not speak to Master Bruce for an entire month after and it hurts Alfred to see the regret that spills over his grandson’s face every time he glances around the Cave to find no one else there. He cannot pity him though. Master Bruce had become Batman and there was no separating them.

And then, Batman returns one night with an unsightly little boy; short, skinny, and smelling of grime and other un-namely things. He was an official criminal at the mere age of twelve and had been abandoned, mistreated, abused, and starved on Gotham’s streets since he was six. Alfred would make the comparison to a sickly puppy had it not been for the fact that most puppies don’t curse and kick.

His name is Jason Peter Todd, and he “don’t take shit from nobody, so beat it”. Alfred is quick to erase the nearly unintelligible street accent, providing books and literature to give him something else to focus on. 

This time, and Alfred is stunned, Master Bruce adopts the boy. Alfred does not know why, as he had known and harbored and loved Master Dick for over ten years but had only ever kept him as a ward, but the tears that fall down Master Jason’s face when the adoption papers are signed wash away all traces of doubt.

This time, this time, it was Master Bruce that wanted Jason Todd. Not Batman. 

Somehow, though, Master Bruce does not learn from his first mistake and allows the boy to become Robin. He is competent, incredibly skilled and a hard-worker, but his presence is noticed immediately among the Gotham filth and everyone knows he is not the same Robin as before.

Master Dick had long since outgrown the name Robin, a new hero of Nightwing rising in Bludhaven, but it was incredible how much young Master Jason and Master Dick looked alike. The only difference was their eyes, a slightly greener shade of blue, and the curvature of their noses. 

All too quickly, Alfred finds himself attached once again. Attached and loving the idea of this short and stocky child being a part of the Manor with all of his little quips, his interest in classics that Master Dick hadn’t always taken to, and his bewildering love of baking and British culture. He becomes the second star in their otherwise bleak home, and Alfred can safely say that Master Jason is like his own child. 

Just as Master Dick once was before….

Nightwing and Robin meet, unbeknownst to Batman, but Agent A is always on the comms. Always hears everything. Yet more tears spring forth into his eyes when he hears their first interaction, their first train surf together, their first time being brothers. It is overwhelming and beautiful but Nightwing is too cautious to return to Gotham. To “invade” Batman’s territory.

He wishes to speak to the young man, badly so. He wants to tell him that he is always welcome to the Manor, he does not need permission to enter his own home, but Master Dick is stubborn, always has been. He refuses to listen to what the old butler says, too fearful of what Master Bruce might do upon seeing him.

Everyday, Alfred regrets not stepping in sooner. Not immediately pulling the seventeen year old back into their arms and assuring him that this was where he belonged. 

And then four years pass and Master Jason… 

Alfred breaks his vow and plans the third funeral of his lifetime. 

He is not allowed to see the body. Master Bruce refuses an autopsy, refuses reporters, refuses everyone and everything and it all erupts when Master Dick arrives to comfort him. The young man leaves through the front door, hugging the butler, and Alfred feels his blood pressure rise upon seeing the red mark stained across his eldest’s cheek. 

The Manor is left colder, emptier, and more dead than it ever has been before. 

Batman is crueler than ever before.

Master Bruce is hurting more than ever before.

And Alfred… he does not think he has the strength to bear the weight of all the silence. 

And then, for the third time, a small thing of a child appears on the Manor’s doorsteps, determination in his gaze though his stature shakes with the cold. Alfred immediately recognizes him as the sole heir to the Drake family fortune and invites him in. He confesses he knows of the basement’s dark secrets, confesses he’s already made contact with the lone vigilante in Bludhaven, and after finding no help, has taken it upon himself to restore Batman to who he was. Confesses his plans to become the next Robin.

“Batman needs a Robin,” he said with all the confidence of someone who has dedicated themselves to years of research.

No, Alfred thinks, his only option to shelter the boy for the time being. Bruce needs his sons.

Master Bruce does not listen. He tries, Heaven knows the man truly tries, but he is a selfish creature deprived, seeking out comfort, stability, and love in a life where there is none. Alfred fights. He fights his hardest, pleading, begging, arguing, coming close to fists, to force Batman into turning away Timothy Jackson Drake. To force Master Bruce to see clear reason and wipe away the years of tears that have clouded his vision for so long.

Four months later, a third Robin is seen carrying a bow staff as his main weapon.

And then the Drake family falls apart and Timothy Drake becomes Timothy Drake-Wayne. 

Alfred does not oversee the funeral. He is unbearably grateful for that.

Alfred tries to distance himself. Tries his hardest to keep a professional relationship with Master Timothy; rather Master Tim. His heart cannot handle another ache. Another pain. He is getting far too old to handle much else. 

But, try as he might, he sees the cold left in Master Bruce’s wake. Sees the loneliness and the longing the boy wants but does not ask for. Sees all his needs, his basic and childish dreams of love, and Alfred cannot help but reach out. It starts with a simple cup of tea by the fire, and Alfred finds yet another glimmering light in his life. 

Master Tim is a quiet blessing.

Alfred knows many things. Knows what goes on in and outside the Manor and Wayne Enterprises. But, he does not always know what is going on with the cowls and the capes and masks and everything in between.

So when Master Tim arrives home one day and a girl hardly older than him dons the mantle of Robin, confusion is inevitable. He tries to get to know the girl, a fiery young thing that reminds him painfully of Martha Wayne, and Master Tim seems to be infatuated with her. She is a spark in their home that lights a dozen candles, Master Tim glowing all the more warm for it.

It lasts seventy one days, this spark.

Alfred decides he cannot keep promises anymore. He cannot continue to make empty vows. 

The funeral is short, brief, but the gravestone is immaculately carved.

Master Tim becomes alone again and Alfred can do nothing about it.

And Master Bruce… he watched as she died and could only blame himself for the child’s death. Another protective layer consumes the man and light does not return to the Manor for a long time. Master Tim returns as Robin, and he confesses yet another secret. He does not think he can be Robin forever. He does not believe he is built for this lifestyle, but now there is no turning back. He is afraid. He is trapped. He has no other choice. He is Robin and he is no one else. 

Another fracture splits Alfred’s heart and he can only offer simple comfort. He has nothing else left to give.

Batgirl, Miss Gordon, operates under her own violation. She’d been working with Batman and Robin since she was a teenager and Master Dick was ten. She’d been in the business almost as long as anyone else, and for that, she is resilient, capable, and strong. 

But, just as they are always reminded, no matter how strong someone thinks they are, or how prepared they make themselves, guns will always win a battle of wills. 

Batgirl becomes Oracle, and Miss Gordon disappears. Her soul clenches, her head and body are no longer connected in the same plane, and her spirit withers. For two years, she suffers in silence, becoming less of herself with each passing day.

The hate, the animosity, the  blood lust, grows within the Cave. Batman is ruthless in his pursuit. Nightwing ventures into Gotham for a singular reason; what that reason is remains unspoken, but they all understand everyone has a breaking point. A snap. A fracture. A complete burst of morale and confidence.

For one, breath taking moment, Master Tim is dead. 

Alfred feels himself faint at the idea of another funeral for him to work through.

Killer Croc holds Robin’s tattered suit in his monstrous hands, the stench of sewer and death on his rank breath, and Nightwing snaps. He snaps and redirects and it is horrifying. Alfred can only hear bits and pieces of the conversation between Nightwing and Joker, but it is enough for his own hands to shake and twitch with the urge to do the honor himself.

Never, though, did he expect it to actually happen. Never.

Joker dies. Joker is… murdered. Nightwing is a killer. Nightwing murdered the Joker.

He… avenges though. Nightwing avenges Master Jason. Nightwing avenges Miss Gordon. Nightwing avenges Robin, Master Tim. Nightwing avenges all the lost souls and forever miserable lives created by that monster. Master Dick breaks his promise, breaks his vow, breaks his code , and it is horrifying and it is vengeance. 

But then, Robin appears. Master Tim is alive .

And Master Dick, Nightwing, realizes he is forever tarnished. He played right into Joker’s hands.

Batman resuscitates the clown and he lives to see another day to rot.

Joker has won.

Again.

But, Alfred does not need to plan another funeral. He is… he does not know the word for the relief and anger he feels. It is better for it to go unnamed.

Red Hood is violent, murderous, stark, and a threat. A terror. Dangerous. Psychotic. Raving mad. A marksman with a pension for painful deaths. Familiar.

Batman goes to blows with the man one night. Batman is vexed. Batman is furious. Batman is unrestrained and hurting and not holding back because it appears that Red Hood is not afraid of him and can take the uppercuts and kicks he receives. Even when his guns have been stripped of his body and his helmet is broken and piercing his skin, Red Hood is grinning and sobbing at the same time.

“Why is he still alive?” he says, the rain that pours down almost drowning out his voice. “Why is that fucker still alive and I’m… I’m-”

That night, Batman nearly kills his son. His dead son. His previously dead son that Master Bruce is convinced is a body robbed and cloned. He is real though. He is real and alive and different and angry and full of many irrational and completely rational things. But....

Master Jason is alive.

He does not return home though. Red Hood hates Batman almost as much as he hates Joker. Master Jason hates Master Bruce even more than he does Batman. He does not visit. He claims the Narrows as his own, daring anyone to go near. He is still psychotic and, as Alfred learns, mentally crippled by the Pit. However, he is still the same little boy that read and loved Shakespeare and recited his favorite poems in the main living room, grin impossibly wide as Master Bruce looked on and he himself dared to dream of a bright future.

Alfred refuses to believe otherwise.

As if this impossibly wounded and tattered family could not grow any further, yet another little boy appears. Talia al Ghul arrives, a small boy of eleven in tow. When he first lays eyes on the boy, scowling darker than such a soft face should allow, Alfred must take a step back, for his breath is stolen away.

Damian Wayne al Ghul. Son of Batman and heiress to the League of Assassins. Built, born, and trained to be the ultimate fighter. The eventual heir to the mantle of Batman and the League of Assassins. 

He is almost a perfect replica of a young Master Bruce. The only difference is their eyes, the eleven year old’s a unique shade of emerald. His mother’s trait. The mother leaves just as quickly as she came, leaving the boy alone.

In short, the child is difficult. Master Damian treats everyone as if they are lesser than the dirt beneath his feet, the only smidgen of respect in his small vessel of a body held solely for his father. Master Bruce is less than accepting of his son, the bloodlines Master Damian clings to meaningless to the older man. 

There are many fights within the Manor and the Cave. Master Tim attempts a partnership of sorts, but the eleven year old is quick to dismiss with harsh words, insults, and untrue assumptions. It all comes to a head when they are forced to cooperate in a defense against the League of Assassins, Master Damian willing to sacrifice Master Tim for his own gain.

Master Tim almost dies again, and Master Damian retreats with his mother.

Then, Master Damian returns. Alfred does not know what made the boy return, nor is he willing to question the child’s true intentions, but a misunderstanding lights the fire once more between the two boys of the household whilst Batman is gone and then….

Batman….

Master Bruce…

Thomas and Martha Wayne’s son…

His child…

Dies. 

He is gone. Gone and dead on a planet far away and all that remains of his son is a tortured corpse that rots and falls apart in Superman’s hands.

There are funeral plans because Master Bruce was kind and merciful like that. He knows the toll it takes on the old butler, and Alfred is forever grateful he is given the option to pass off the instructions to someone else. But, how can he? How can he not plan for his own grandson? How can he pass him off, pass him away , like it is any other funeral when it is Thomas’s son? Martha’s son?

His boy.

Alfred is hollowed. Carved out. Empty and tattered and shriveled until nothing is left but a shell that echoes in the darkness. If someone were to pick up his shell heart and hold it up to their ears, they would only hear the remnant of grating screams and heart-broken sobs.

Of course they all grieve and mourn Bruce Wayne, but as Alfred has learned over the years, Batman and Master Bruce are one in the same. There is no Gotham without Batman, and something must be done to replace the bleeding wound that stains its streets.

Master Jason attempts. He designs his own suit, comes equipped with his own weapons and methods and ideals, but it is too much. It is too much for Gotham, and Master Dick, Master Tim, and Master Damian cannot allow it. The feral Batman is subdued and Master Dick is left with no choice but to discard his own creation to become the figure he’d feared his entire life.

But, the Manor is not a home anymore. It is too unbearable. Filled with too many ghosts and haunts and hopeless dreams that become deformed into nightmares that follow into daylight. So, they move out and away from the ancient household of the Waynes. 

Master Dick sees a broken family and shoves the responsibility of repair onto himself. In doing so, he displaces and it is a mistake but a deemed necessary one.

Master Damian becomes Robin. Master Tim becomes Red Robin and is filled with grief, doubt, and anger all at once.

They have all lost. They have lost too much.

In the midst of the grieving chaos, a Cassandra Cain arrives. She claims to have worked with Batman years before, stationed internationally as a spy to relay information back to Gotham. Master Dick is wary at first. He does not know this woman, this girl , and she is dangerous. She is lethal and perhaps more capable of fighting than anyone else in the corporation. She says that they can trust her, that Batman had files on her and messages and many other receipts to prove her trustworthiness. 

She claims all of this through mostly sign-language, her speech pattern broken from a mix of inability to communicate and the astonishing ability to read body language and interpret it all as if it were spoken aloud. 

Another bombshell is dropped upon them when Spoiler arrives. 

Red Robin is furious, shouting with ill-contained rage at the copy-cat. This imposter was wearing the mask of his former lover. His former best friend. This was… This could not be allowed. And yet, it is true. This woman is Stephanie Brown, never having died but having played the part. She has returned and she is broken all the more for it, but refuses for that to drag her down. 

Amidst all of this, Master Tim is still doubting. Is still grieving. Or rather, refusing to grieve over a man he does not believe to be dead. Master Dick pleads with him, practically begging the young man to stay with them in Gotham, but Master Tim is infatuated with his theories. He is a boy obsessed with the impossible, and nothing is stopping him.

He leaves. He leaves in search of Master Bruce, thought to be lost in time.

It is a wild hypothesis. A near impossible theory. But it is also a fool’s hope.

And Alfred cannot allow himself to believe it. To be a fool. Master Dick does not allow himself to believe it either. Hardly anyone can allow themselves hope, and it makes Alfred’s heart hurt all the worse.  He is getting old. His bones creak with each passing year and he fears for the day where he will not be able to shoulder the grief any longer.

Though he loves every child that has stepped foot in the Manor, he cannot support Master Tim’s quest. He has planned too many funerals. He has picked out the stone and marble and engravings and burial sites and flower arrangements and caskets and orders of speeches and has done it all one too many times. If he must go through it all, then he will damn himself before he risks the idea of it all being for naught. Of his grief and heart-ache being all for nothing.

No, never for nothing. Alfred is not bold enough to say that. His grief and sorrow stems from the happiness garnered from that person whom he now places in the cold dirt. But, once more, he will damn himself before he ever decides to look upon those memories, both the good and bad, and pretend the bad never tainted the good in the first place.

You do not grow a flower to have it die. 

Just the same, you do not love someone and expect them to leave.

So, Alfred remains with Master Dick and Master Damian. He cannot handle much else. He cannot take back his grief, just as he cannot unplan his own grandson’s funeral.

As best as he is able, Alfred contains himself. He represses, depresses, and compresses his emotions into a tiny shelf in the back corners of his mind. They are not hidden, he has seen and born witness to the self-destruction that is denying such feelings, but he keeps them quiet and he keeps himself busy. It is easy to stay busy with the new arrangements. 

Master Damian is irate and hostile most of the time. Even with the responsibility of Robin on his small shoulders, a weight no young boy should’ve ever carried, he is smug and selfish and still just eleven. The boy struggles with the power imbalance he finds himself placed within; Master Dick is Batman, a figure of authority and once held by his father, but Master Damian holds no respect for him. They all struggle in this partnership, in the ever present shadow left behind a man that could do the impossible with ease. 

Master Dick has the hardest time of them all. He gives up his home in Bludhaven, gives up his hard earned individuality and freedom. He gives up his name, his meager titles, his life of hardly any publicity. He gives up the normalcy of a life uncentered around the Wayne name.

Now, he is in the spotlight again. Now, he takes over not only Bruce Wayne’s responsibilities of Wayne Enterprises and the public, but also the caretaker of his new son. He takes over the responsibilities of Batman: protecting Gotham, keeping up and helping the Justice League, and mentoring and guiding a belligerent and dangerous Robin. 

What’s more, Master Dick also fights with his own grief. His own dilemmas and sorrows over the loss of his parental figure. He has lost a father not once, but twice in his life now, and there is yet another grave for him to visit. 

But there is no time for his problems, Alfred thinks. There is no time for Master Dick to stand still and grieve and process all that has happened. There is too much to do, too much to handle, and too many things that need his attention. Alfred watches as the younger man slowly begins to cripple himself, doing the one thing he swore he’d never do.

Alfred watches Master Dick succumb to the cowl and fall prey to its practices. 

A gruesome and terrible attack leaves Master Damian paralyzed and in recovery. There is no choice but to leave Robin behind when Batman departs suddenly, a mission he says no word about. They wait and keep themselves occupied in the meantime, something the young boy is greatly frustrated with.

Then, Batman returns.

Except, it is not Batman. At least, it is not Master Dick.

This is… This is…

Alfred is beaten by a man with the same face as his dead child. He is beaten and tossed aside, and Alfred can feel his heart weakening as he watches the thing advance towards the wheelchair bound eleven year old. It takes their meager strength combined to defend themselves from the brute.

The old butler is hurting; physically by the numerous bruises and cuts, and mentally by the visage of a rotting corpse with the same elegant jaw line as Thomas and the keen eyes of Martha and the soft but subtle slope of a brow only known to Master Bruce.

Master Dick arrives just in time to save Master Damian, plummeting from the sky and taking Alfred’s breath with him. 

The clone, as Alfred learns, was created by the monster that killed Master Bruce in the first place. Master Dick had gone alone to resurrect the clone in the hopes that it had truly been their Batman. 

“I didn’t,” he confesses, staring deeply into Master Damian’s eyes, an apology spelled out in bold print, “I didn’t want to get anyone’s hopes up in case it wasn’t true. It wasn’t, and I’m sorry.”

For a brief moment, the idea of his son being alive once more makes Alfred’s heart soar. He is quick to smother and shelve it.

“That was not Father,” the young boy says, a bandage adorning his small face. A battle scarred and hollowed face.

“No,” Master Dick agrees. “It wasn’t Bruce, but that means Tim was right. Tim was right.”

“Sir?” Alfred has to ask, because if he assumes and he is wrong, he won’t know what to do.

Master Dick nods. “Bruce is alive and he’s out there. Somewhere.”

Alive?

It is impossible. It cannot be true. It… Alfred cannot believe it to be true. No, no, he’s already had this thought before. He cannot take much else because if his son is alive and breathing and well, because if he is smiling and if he, if just for a spell, is not Batman, then that would mean his boy would be living. No, that makes no sense but not much does these days and oh, lord, give him strength.

Quickly, as if the signs were always there and they had just never noticed, clues begin to pop up of Master Bruce’s existence. Portraits within the Manor contain bats in them all. One or two might even contain a man that looks strikingly familiar. A bat totem pole appears as well, and it is almost too good to be true. Master Tim returns and he is elated at the prospects because his theory and his doubt proved to be true. And, although not as quickly as the clues appeared, Master Dick and Master Damian begin to bond. Alfred is not privy to all that goes on between them, nor does he wish to intrude on their privacy, but he notices the relationship strengthening. 

He sees the way Robin defers automatically to Batman when faced with troubles. Sees how Master Dick entrusts more responsibilities to Master Damian. Gazes upon their

interactions becoming more and more filled with mutual understanding, respect, and a partnership perhaps just breaching the atypical style that is the dynamic duo.

Master Damian hardly tolerates any sort of affection, be it praise that he scoffs at or physical shows of appreciation, of which he pushes away. However, Master Dick finds a way to still show it in a way that gives room to the young boy’s boundaries. Master Damian is a strong child, built to last and endure against unimaginable situations. In a way, it is difficult to remind oneself that Master Damian is, in fact, pre-pubescent and not just a cold-blooded assassin raised to fight and subdue all in his path.

Master Dick never forgets the needs of a young child though. Even if the boy insists that he is too old or too intelligent for the childish and inane things in life, Master Dick makes it a point to do the things every pre-teen dreams of with him. 

One night, Master Dick drives Master Damian to the annual carnival in Gotham. They return with an enormous pink cow, plush of course, and the young boy disappears into his room with it in tow. Another night, Batman manages to find an ice-cream parlor that isn’t opposed to serving vigilantes and treats Robin to his first classic hot fudge sundae, topped with a maraschino cherry. Robin returns with a suspicious amount of energy and the remnants of chocolate on his cape. 

A chill begins to thaw in his heart. Not at first, and not to the point where his soul feels whole once again, but it is enough for Alfred to finally feel like there is life again. That there is more than just the funerals he plans and the graves he visits every week.

He sees the chill thawing in Master Dick as well, the boy in his charge something new and brighter to focus on rather than the heavy legacy the young man carries. Master Damian is a difficult blessing for Master Dick, but cherished and loved nonetheless. They are content and perhaps happy. It is a good thing.

A terrifying case leads them down a rabbit hole of deception, Robin captured and drugged by their old enemy, Joker. The psychotic monster, for he is hardly a man, has once again fooled them and intends to use Batman and Robin for his own goals against a common enemy. Things are bleak, Master Dick is frantic, and Robin is still incapacitated by a modified strand of Joker venom. Alfred is worried he’ll have to call for backup, worried that the backup will come too late and that his boys will be… that they might succumb. 

Gotham is a strange mix of nightmares and miracles though, and amidst the nightmare, a miracle arrives. 

The Batman, the original, swoops in and saves them. Helps them to capture Joker and the Black Glove, throw them back into Arkham, and everyone is shell-shocked. 

There are no words, hardly any cheer within their surprise, but Alfred gathers his child into his arms and weeps.

He weeps and hugs and tightens his hold all the more fiercely because he can hear Master Bruce’s heartbeat. He can feel the life flowing through his body, feel each breath and exhale, embrace the warmth and the roughness of his child. 

Master Bruce is back. He is alive. 

He prays Martha and Thomas forgive him for ever losing sight of their son.

The transition is hard for all parties involved. They move back into the Manor, Alfred trying his best to distance himself from the cloud that overhangs them by cleaning and repairing. Try as he might, he still hears the fights. Hears Master Damian’s displeasure with having to start over.

It is unfair for the boy. Master Dick leaves soon after Master Bruce takes back over the mantle, taking Robin as well. Master Damian is left alone, as his “Father” that he’d held such high expectations for, had waited so long for, is nothing like the man he imagined. 

Yes, this Batman is brilliant and strong and determined in his crusade, but he is nothing like the Batman he had trained with. Nothing like the man who had taken on the parental responsibilities of an eleven year old. He does not crack jokes on patrol or take the time to stop for the elderly asking for directions. He does not trust Robin with the things he had been trusted with before, does not allow him privileges that had come so easy the first time around.

Master Damian looks at his father and knows that all the man can see is the product of a night of drinking and a dangerous ancestry.

It is not all bad though. Titus, a rambunctious dog filled with more energy than a puppy, is introduced into the family. He becomes Master Bruce’s and Master Damian’s dog, a healthier coping mechanism for the both of them. Additionally, Robin is occasionally spotted in Bludhaven, tag teaming with Nightwing. Though they aren’t Batman and Robin anymore, they are still brothers. They still have that immensely strong bond and-

And then, as it always does, tragedy strikes and Robin is… Master Damian is…

They keep his casket closed, keep the cloth wrapped around his fragile body clean and secured, and lay white roses onto fresh dirt. Master Dick leaves early, he is too shaken, and Alfred is tempted to do the same but he knows he is needed.

Master Bruce has lost yet another son. 

Why is it that the youth die young? Why has he, someone who should’ve died a long time ago, the one to witness the life drain out of children? The world is jealous of their potential. That is why it steals away the young’s fragile breath because it knows that should they grow up, they would do amazing things. Things that are beyond a weak god’s imagination. Things that would surpass all others because the youth are kind and brave and full of greatness.

But the world is cruel. The universe is wicked.

The number goes up to six and Alfred has no tears left to cry.

Something he’s learned over the years is that Master Bruce grieves in a way that is dangerous. When he grieves in private, that kind of grief is acceptable. It is grief that comes in the form of tears, long showers, heavy feet, and long, long, sleepless nights. 

When Master Bruce cannot grieve in private, that is when it becomes dangerous. That is when Batman comes home with black stains on his front, torn capes, and broken thumbs. That is when crime syndicates lay low and petty thieves show up at police departments with concussions and fractured arms. That is when he must be checked by those around him, put into place and reminded of his duty to protect rather than avenge. 

Master Bruce grieves like a father; Batman grieves like that lost little boy splattered in blood Alfred found in an alleyway all those years ago.

It is a toxic combination, but just as it has been for the past thirteen years, it is an inseparable mix.

Master Dick grieves as well, in the only way he’s ever done so. Distance makes the heart grow fonder and makes the ache more painful, and Alfred does not see his grandson for nearly two months following the funeral. He tries his best to check up on him in Bludhaven, sending groceries he’s sure Master Dick does not buy for himself and leaving emails and phone calls that rarely get a reply to. The parting is worse with Master Bruce, as Master Dick cuts nearly all lines of communication with the man, only confronting Batman as Nightwing. 

Time passes though. Graves get polished, the weather evolves, and soon, a scar begins to form where a once pulsating and fleshy wound resided. 

Alfred does not bother keeping track of the number of tragedies that happen any longer. He keeps his head down, only popping it up to clean up messes left behind. So it comes as no surprise to him when “Anti-Leaguers” arrive. Master Bruce is adamant on keeping him stationed in the Batcave, away from all possible chaos that could happen. He is just a civilian after all, the butler to a billionaire with a penchant for dark haired women and expensive brandy. 

He watches the news though and feels the blood in his body drain and his stomach fall to the ground as Nightwing is unmasked, live, on television. His face is already so brutalized, swelling and bloody, but there is no mistaking the adopted son of someone infamous. Richard Grayson is shoved into the minds of every person in Gotham, Bludhaven, and everywhere else and all now know the face of Nightwing. 

It is not hard to connect the dots from there.

The feed is eventually shut down, and Alfred is left trembling in the computer chair, waiting impatiently and with a failing heart as the hours drag on for word of what occurs in the outside world. He does not dare inquire directly, no, he knows that would be too much of a distraction, but the waiting is agony. That was his surrogate grandson out there. His grandson that was unmasked and stripped of his identity, broken down into the barest of bones and humiliated for the world to see. The Cave becomes much too silent, much too large, and Alfred is frail and his heart cannot take the mindless worry that captures him.

He hides in fear, remaining in one of the emergency bunkers the late Waynes had installed should the Manor ever come under siege. The mildew is fresh, there’s a leak in one of the vents, but the enclosement of the smaller space comforts Alfred in a way he has not felt in many years. He will always pride himself for having endured years and years of adrenaline rushes and caped crusades filled with danger unheard of, but he cannot cope at the moment. He needs solitary. Silence. Selfishness.

And then the bunker opens and Master Bruce is standing there, bloodied, bruised, broken. There is relief splashed across his face as he crushes Alfred to his dented armored chest and Alfred holds onto his son just as tightly. They walk out of the bunker, cross the way into the Batcave, bandage and reassure one another, and then Master Bruce punches Alfred.

Well, not really. He does not touch the old butler. He does not make any movement towards him. Master Bruce simply stares, drops his head, and holds out his hands like he’s seeking desperate forgiveness as he says,

“Dick is dead.”

The blow is enough to knock him off his feet, and Alfred sinks onto the cold stone and weeps. Wails. Gasps. Heaves. Does not stop until he hears Master Tim enter the Cave as well and Alfred is quick to gather the boy into his arms and share his grief. Master Tim’s shoulders shake and his face is hidden, but Alfred knows how notorious snot is to get out of clothing. He plans to burn the suit he wears now though. He cannot bear to don it again with the knowledge that it is a death suit.

The funeral is delayed. The Crime Syndicate has left too many things unsolved, too many other bodies to be buried, too many additional problems that are inherently more important than the burial of a man already dead.

When the time comes, Batman insists that Master Dick be buried in his suit. Be buried as the hero he died to be. Be buried and laid to rest as Nightwing rather than Richard John Grayson. Batman intends for Nightwing to be retired permanently. For Dick Grayson’s legacy to be only remembered as the hero of Bludhaven, leader of the Titans, friend of Superman, ally to the Justice League, and partner of Batman. Nightwing is to be buried beneath six feet of dirt and the ghost of Richard Grayson will remain in dusty frames and hollowed white light

Alfred attends the small funeral with lead feet and a ghastly grip on Titus’s dog leash. All, except for him, are dressed in their vigilante identities and Alfred lays eyes on his two remaining grandchildren and weeps. Oracle, Red Robin, and Batman lend a hand in lowering Nightwing’s coffin into the ground and Red Hood and the Outlaws stand off to the side, eyes downcast and arms crossed. It is the first time the surviving family members have been completely present together in over a year.

The graveyard is old but filled with labeled stones of names long forgotten. There is no gravestone to label Nightwing’s grave. It is too “risky” to remember such a name in such a blatant way, and the only thing to show someone is buried there is a small, red rose bush adorned with four blooming flowers. Five freshly cut stems are scattered across the black coffin, and Gotham’s blacker dirt clumps over them and engulfs another son of Batman.

Alfred returns home and burns two suits. He watches the embers destroy the cloth and feels the ashes burn his soul as well. 

The number climbs higher. Seven.

Alfred expects the time following to be filled with a brimming madness. A complete insanity insatiable now that it’s guiding light has been extinguished. That does not happen though. A week passes. Then another. Then three. Batman does not stray far from his path. Does not need the guidance or reprimands of others to stay true and keep to his code. Master Tim bears the grief admirably, he is so young to carry this many deaths on his shoulders, but Master Bruce does it flawlessly, carrying on like the sun never dimmed and the floor never crumbled beneath the weight of its darkness. 

An evil thought lurks in the corners of Alfred’s mind as he witnesses the lack of transformation. The lack of true reaction to the death of his son. The death of the original Robin. The death of Nightwing. Alfred is tempted to shake the man, smack him and demand what this coping strategy he’s developed has emerged from, but the thoughts are drastic and corrupt. What right does he have to demand a display of grief from another? Who is he to command such a thing?

Batman disappears again. Disappears for many weeks, but not yet a month, and returns with Robin. With Damian Wayne al Ghul. Alive. The boy is resurrected, breathing, and Alfred feels something tighten in his chest as Master Damian learns of the news that Nightwing, his Batman, is dead. Buried. Gone. The young boy shows no outward reaction, a stiff nod and words of condolences, but Alfred hears the boy’s tears in the dead of night because he too lays awake and cries for his lost grandchild. A week after the young master’s return, Alfred offers to drive him to the burial site. The boy accepts and sits in front of the grave for an hour, admiring the still fresh roses and touching the cool ground.

The two of them visit monthly and bond in their mourning.

Bludhaven suffers without the help of Nightwing. Even before the intervention, it was already a city filled with beings of corruption and greed, the opportunity for bribery and power the dream of many within. Batman and the coalition that follows him only visit when crime becomes unbearable, and even then it is hardly any help with the infrequency of it. Alfred visits the city as much as he can. Not in secret, no, and sometimes he’ll bring along one of the lonely brothers that have been left behind, but he visits to house keep and clean. He cannot bear the thought of selling Master Dick’s apartment, nor watch it go to dust and filth. It’s unhealthy, he knows this, but there is an honest yearning that tugs at his heart when he enters the late man’s housing and sees naked walls and an unmade bed. 

It’s like a time capsule stuck in moments, and the first time Alfred enters the small apartment, it’s like Master Dick had only just left for a brief errand. There are cracked framed photos on his dresser: pictures of a younger Bruce and even littler Richard Grayson, a newspaper clipping of the new adoptee Jason Todd, a bashful looking Timothy Drake who barely reaches his older brother’s shoulder, and the newest looking addition of a sleeping Damian Wayne hugging a pillow. Seeing these peaceful moments, these perfect memories untainted with tragedies and pain, makes Alfred’s eyes mist over, and he sits for a long time on the unmade bed and stares at the frames, wishing, hoping, for better days to come sooner. Dreaming of pasts too long ago.

It is during the fifth month of Nightwing’s death that Alfred visits his grave alone. The roses have begun to wilt, their bright red petals falling in clusters and floating away in the wind. The grief has not lessened, only the dull ache in his soul, and Alfred collects what he can and takes the petals home. Before he has even been given the chance to take off his shoes when entering the Manor, he hears the clock mechanism tick tick tick and suddenly thundering footsteps are coming his way, and he is taken aback by the absolute glow he sees on Master Damian’s face. It is familiar. It is hopeful.

“He is alive,” the boy says breathless, his Robin boots still clasped firmly around his feet and spirit gum stubbornly clinging to his brow. “Richard is alive!”

The relief the young master revels in is not shared by all though. Master Tim is angered, though he simmers in quiet frustration, and Master Jason admits to having “Punched that bastard for showing his face.” The street accent returns in times of Master Jason’s irrationality, but Alfred does not address it. No, he is much too peeved and simultaneously overjoyed to waste his tired mind on something as petty as displeasure. Master Dick is alive! His eldest is alive!

However, one thing remains unchanged. Master Bruce continues on unfazed, calmly helping Master Tim begin an extraction plan for the lost son. The past five months have been spent working undercover for an organization known as Spyral, and it is only when Master Bruce carelessly pulls up all his files and information on the group does Alfred come to a realization.

“You knew,” he accuses, the tray of snacks in his hands shaking minutely. “You knew Master Dick was not dead. You sent him away.”

His child, rather Batman, does not look at him and it is all Alfred can do but to hastily set down the tray and walk back up the stone stairs and out of the Cave. When had his son accepted the breachment of such a line? When had his son become someone so willing to sacrifice everything for the sake of a mission? It is only later, in the colder hours of the night, that Alfred realizes that Master Bruce has always been this way. That he has always been willing to sacrifice it all for a simple goal; the Wayne reputation, a positive public persona, his role as a father, his own sons, all sacrificed in the name of Batman. Alfred should have seen this coming the night he brought home an orphan with eyes that had aged a lifetime in a single night.

Master Dick’s return is quiet. There is no immediate fanfare, no overzealous welcome homes nor tearful reunions. It is surprising, the lack of attention his return is given, but Master Dick reveals that Spyral had done something to make everyone forget about Richard Grayson, excluding Batman’s associates that is. About his identities and his unmasking. No one, not even the Justice League, will recall Nightwing’s true face, but rather that he had spent months both in recovery after the beating and on stealth missions. Nightwing truly was the one buried then, Alfred thinks ruefully. Richard Grayson is still just a simple man living in Bludhaven on an extended vacation.

When he enters the Manor thinner and the slightest bit more shaky, Alfred reaches out his arms and is met with a bruising hug and, not for the first time, Alfred is grateful that Master Dick has always been gracious with his love of touch and physical affection. They hold each other for a long time, breathing in the scents of home and family, and Alfred feels the shattered pieces of his heart slowly put themselves back together inside of his bleeding chest.

His family is finally whole again and Alfred is beyond grateful for it. There is light and warmth in the Manor once more. There is peace between brothers and new sisters and stubborn fathers. There are new bonds created, new ties made, and now Alfred has the honor of beholding six legal grandchildren. Finally, there is purpose in his life once again. Finally, he does not have to lay awake in fear of another funeral, in fear of another death, in fear of yet another bout of guilt and disappointment.

Finally, Alfred Pennyworth feels his soul and his heart to be one. He is happy. He is whole. 

But he knows he might not survive another heartbreak.

He cannot suffer an eighth.

He counts twelve people in attendance. Counts one priest dressed in a black albi. Counts one coffin, sealed shut, and twelve white rose heads scattered across it. They are not red. They are white. They are blank. He breathes in.

Counts the eighth funeral.

“I have agonized on what to say for a long time. I have re-written my thoughts and erased them over and over again in the hope of finding the right words. I tried in vain though.”

He has no note cards to steady his trembling hands. He does not dare to gaze down and recount the roses for guidance. He focuses on the faces he cannot see beyond the mist.

“I have lived and worked in service for Wayne Manor for over half of my life. In doing so, I have had the honor and privilege to meet some of the most astounding people there are. When I first met Richard Grayson, I was in my twenty-sixth year of service and Richard was in his second month of grief. The Manor was cold and lifeless and I was suddenly tasked with the challenge of caring for a boy who had been stripped of everything he once knew. Richard was a brave child though. Brave and kind and filled with the courage to love.

In the years following his induction into the Manor, Richard ignited a spark within its inhabitants. Not for the first time, I wonder to myself how that feat was accomplished. How someone so young was able to turn an old mansion into a home radiating warmth. Richard was the light Master Bruce had needed at that time. The light I had needed as well. Within his small body was the hope of a brighter future and a dream of betterment.”

Someone sniffs in the crowd. Alfred feels his hand searching for a handkerchief to offer. His hands find nothing though.

“When he grew up, out and away from Gotham, I found myself missing that familiar warmth. Missing his presence, his laughter, his love. But Richard had made up his mind and it was all any of us could do but to support his crusade for an improved Bludhaven. He had found his purpose in life, his calling, and I was… proud of him. Relieved in a way. As I look around, I see the faces of people whom Richard has affected throughout his life. The faces of family and friends that he devoted his very being to, who he loved and cared for in that special way of his that could not be matched by any other worldly source.

We have all been touched by Richard Grayson. Touched in a way that has left us scattered and searching for that familiarity that grieves in his absence. In all my years, I have yet to meet another soul quite like him, so striking in his compassion for others, his loyalty to those he trusts, and his unending devotion to those he cares for most. It is likely I will never meet another, so I feel blessed to have known such a great man. To have lended a hand in raising that greatness. To have witnessed that evolve into a magnificent inspiration to many others. I may be so bold to even lay a claim to having familial bonds to him, as the first thing I think of when describing Richard Grayson is grandson. Truly, I loved this boy more than I ever thought to be possible.

Richard was a son. A brother. A friend. A lover. A protector. He may have even been somewhat of a father to some. And still, even now, he is all those things. He is still Richard John Grayson and there is nothing else in the entire world I would wish him to be. Though we find the hole inside our hearts to be horribly wide and difficult, Richard would not want us to dwell on these thoughts. Find comfort in grief but do not let it allow you to forget your own purpose, for truly, Richard would weep for you in your loss. 

My grandson was a man who found strength in his tears, not shame. So, do not apologize for your grief and do not shy away from it in these final moments. Embrace it, for they are a mark of power and a messenger of endless love and humanity.”

The mist does not clear. His eyes remain dry.

Alfred's heart trembles and cracks.
Notes:

    So, I'm not dead~ just swamped with other complications! And I am also pleased to say that the grieving portion is now about done and we're going to start getting into the thick of the plot with the next chapter. I hope you guys didn't think I was forgetting about Alfred! I love that old, immortal man and I felt it was only right to dedicate a chapter in his perspective. It really made me think of how many funerals he's had to plan (all mostly his own freakin children, yikes), so this is where that led me.
    There's clearly a lot of canon timeline missing from this (like the part where Bruce gets amnesia and such), and some character backgrounds aren't really explored much in Alfred's POV, but let's just say that anything that wasn't clearly stated *does not exist* in this AU. That includes that short canon arc where Bruce explored the Court of Owls and Dick investigated the Parliament himself

    Let me know what you guys thought!

Chapter 6: William Cobb: Part I- The Believer
Notes:

    The following takes place around/during 1911-1954 and 1993. I have done my best to adhere to what early 1900s America was like, though I know there are inaccuracies. A warning must also be said, as there are scenes of child abuse/discipline used, as well as manipulative actions by an adult towards a minor. Because of the time period, there will also be tones of misogyny. None of these are graphic, but please be mindful.
    It must also be stated that I have taken liberties with creating/establishing this character’s background (and in future chapters for other characters too), as I understand his has been explored in comics; I have adjusted and reframed some of it to better fit this AU.

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

1911

They lived comfortably. He’s never been told otherwise. There is food on the table, water to drink, and clothes to wear. He has toys, nick-nacks, and balls to play with. Sometimes he has spending money and buys candy and goodies and things he knows aren’t good for him but he enjoys anyway. 

When his father dies, they still live comfortably. He still gets three meals a day, he can drink from the sink whenever he pleases, and his clothes are warm and can be washed. He doesn’t spend much money, though he still gets gifts and little surprises. He likes chocolate. His mother gives little pieces of them to him sometimes and he loves her for it. 

But he doesn’t see her often. A woman shouldn’t work, and yet his mother wakes up before dawn every morning to prepare things for her son and then leaves to work and sweat the day away in a factory he knows a woman shouldn’t belong in. His father raised him to be an upstanding gentleman. So what if they didn’t have a fancy car or the latest gadgets. What they had was enough and William knew better than to let his poor mother be the bread-winner of their diminished household. 

A woman belonged in a home, caring for the children and living with the more delicate things in life. His mother deserved as such. Deserved to live in a home where bills weren’t a thought in her head and the simple trouble of what to cook for supper was all that occupied her mind. And William was raised to be a gentleman, to look out for the weaker and more vulnerable gender because there were truly awful and cruel things in the world that they needed to be protected from.

He was still young and small though. Too much so for working. No place would hire him, even in the largest factories, where he’s sure they needed more nimble fingers for the machines, but they all refused him. This did not deter him, however. 

William has always been nothing if not resourceful. He is a proud boy, filled with initiative and wit that gets him smacked sometimes. So, he sets out collecting his old baseballs and nick-nacks, every round item he can get his hands on, and takes to the streets.

It used to be an innocent pleasure to show his parents. Juggling was a novelty, a childish glee ignited in adults that had but smog and dirt to look forward to. He can’t remember how it began, but it did and he was good at it. Three, four, five, even six balls at a time he would juggle and throw and go faster and faster, his little tricks earning him pennies at a time each day. Sometimes he would spin in place, jumping and twirling, creating a performance the street children and passer-byers would look forward to in the evenings. 

He would set out his old hat, a few rips in the seams but respectable enough, and strangers amused by his show would toss their change into his hat. There was a day when a fine looking gentleman strolled down William’s street, cane tapping against the cobblestone and stovepipe hat lengthening his already long face, and stopped in front of William’s juggling, lips pursed in bemusement bordering hysterical. After nearly a minute, he chuckled aloud, carelessly tossing seven quarters into William’s small cap before walking away, still guffawing in whatever mood had struck him during the performance. 

William ran home that evening, weighted pocket of his coat smacking against his sides, and spread his meager income across the wooden table, counting in glee as his gatherings reached dollar amounts. Yes, yes! This was how he would do it! He could earn a living doing this, out in the streets and entertaining. He even liked doing so, loved watching adults three times his age gawk and awe over his plain talent. Yes, all would be simple again. His mother would return home, no longer smelling of wet fabric and chemicals too bold to cling to a woman so, and he would be the gentleman, the bread-winner, the caretaker of the family now.

It was perfect.

Until it wasn’t.

He’d blown it all, as children of ten and impulses too large to fit their bodies are wont to do. Spent all of the dollars he had earned on food and buying his mother new socks. Spread out his purchases gaily, proud and content, waiting for his beloved, sweet, gentle mother to enter and gasp and cry at how happy she was. How completely surprised and pleased she was at her son’s aptitude. He waited until nine, waited until he heard his mother approach the door, before flinging it open himself, a grin so large and wide it split his face. 

William had tugged her in by her worn and blistered hands, uncaring of the shoes she had yet to take off or the grime that still clung to her limp dress, and swept an arm towards his earnings, his prizes, turning back to look at his mother; expectant, hopeful, so, so proud.

All there was though, in her face, was fright. A pale sheen spreading across her features, fingers trembling as they brushed over the candies and breads, shying away from the white, thin, lacey socks. 

“What is this?” she asks, voice hardly above a whisper.

“It’s for us!” is William’s reply, still so boastful. Still so ignorant. “I bought it today. See, look here, ma! I got ya’ some socks! Just like you used to wear. They’re real pretty, right? And- and, I got more! Food and candies and lots of other stuff. You don’t gotta worry no more, see? I’ll take care of us.”

“Where did you get the money?” his mother asks, still so dim. Still so quiet. “Oh Lord,” she wails, turning to her son with a grip that digs her nails in his thin shirt. “Oh my Lord, William, please, tell me you didn’t use my money for this- this frivol! Tell me you didn’t-”

“No!” he interrupts, clutching at his mother’s hand as it continues to tighten around his arm. “No, ma! ‘Course not! I earned it myself. I didn’t spend a penny from you, honest!”

Her grip slackens, but the deathly paleness on her face does not retreat. “How?” she continues. “You’re not working. You- you don’t have a job! How did you get all this? Where did you get the money?”

William shrugs up and down, sniffing as a small smile tugs at his lips. “I have been working. You know that trick I used to do for you and Pa? Where Pa would give me some stuff and I would juggle ‘em? That’s what I’ve been doing! I just sorta throw my cap out in front of me and people give me money! Just for jugglin’! I tell ya, ma, it’s been so great. There was this guy, a real fancy lookin’ fella, and he just-”

“You’ve been begging? ” his mother shrieks, taking hold of his small shoulders and shaking him. “Out on the streets like some- some urchin? ”

“I’m not begging!” William tries to protest, struggling as his mother’s nails dig further into his skin. It’s painful. He never realized how thin his shirt was. “I’m working! I juggle and then people give me money, ma! It’s a job!”

“No, William, it is not a job!” his mother continues to howl, letting him go to snatch the white socks from the table. “All this is the work of a beggar! And we are not beggars, William! You are above that and I cannot believe you- you’ve taken to being a vagabond , collecting pennies from strangers so they can laugh at you like some monkey-”

“They don’t laugh at me!” Williams yells back, tears in his eyes as he watches his mother throw the socks across the room with a sob. “I just thought you’d like ‘em is all! Can’t you see? You don’t gotta work no more if I do this!”

“You are a child!” his mother screams, grabbing onto his shirt collar and dragging him to his room. “You cannot support this family, William! No matter how much you want to. Oh Lord, I prayed everyday for a solution, but my own son? A beggar? A shameless charity case- God! What would your father think of this?”

William stumbles into his small room, confused and devastated as he watches his mother search through his things. 

“Mama, please,” he begs, tears spilling over his cheeks. “I’ont understand! I-I thought you’d be happy. I earned money, ma! I got you some socks and I bought food for us and, and-”

His mother rises from her search, his father’s worn belt dangling in her grasp. “Turn around.”

“Please, ma, please. I’m sorry, I was just-”

“William James Cobb, turn around right now.”

Sobbing, William does as he’s told, bracing himself as his mother strikes him across his backside and legs, the sting of leather bleeding more tears from his puffy eyes. It could not have been more than ten lashes, but by the time his mother’s thin arms can no longer hold onto the fraying leather, his sobs are joined by hers as she embraces him from behind, face tucking into the nook between his shoulder and neck.

“We are not beggars,” she whispers between her tears. “You must understand this, my son. We are not street urchins who stoop so low as to beg for loose change and wrappers. We are better than that. You are better than that. Do you understand?”

William can only nod, chin digging into his collarbone as he tries his best to stifle the tears and snot. He can feel his mother’s tears leaking into his shirt, as well as the shame of having disappointed her. What was he thinking? Truly, what kind of foolish child was he? 

His legs are red and throbbing when he sleeps that night, welts and the beginnings of bruises marking his calves and thighs. He’s been beaten before, he’s a young boy after all, full of too much moxy and too much wildness to listen, but there is a new sting to his wounds as stretches over his worn mattress. Fresh tears to coat the old layers trickle onto his pillow and William berates himself. How could he forget that he is a gentleman, raised by a distinguished builder and a refined woman? Of course his mother was ashamed to hear that her own son had taken to the streets, dancing around like a simpleton for spare change. Foolish.

But when he wakes up in the morning, he is reminded of exactly what that change meant in their household. The socks have remained where his mother threw them across the room, but when he opens the pantry, there is bread and canned goods and sweets on the shelves. Everything he bought with what little money he made is there, and as William looks closer, he sees that the loaf he had bought has been cut, pieces taken out from the package.

His mother had accepted it.

There is a certain amount of… glee in his chest as he eats a bare breakfast of bread and old hash. His mother would have a good lunch today because of him. There would be plenty of food on the table for her to return to as well. He had provided for her. With his own money. With his own work. He took care of her. 

He had done it all, and now, with this proof, he could return without the vestiges of guilt to plague his tiny heart. After all, he had retained his dignity. Had provided for the sole woman of the house, as well as himself. All whilst being better than the urchins who slept in the streets, out in the wet and sewage. 

He had made his money, had done his job, and he was better than them.

His mother proved that.

He knows better now, though. As a year passes, he learns to not flaunt his activities to his mother. The money he earns is no longer shoved in his mother’s face, a thing William now realizes was brash of him to do to her, but instead slips it into her purse, hides it between cushions and on the seats of their two chairs. Things are better for them. Good.

He still sees little of his mother, and occasionally he still receives beatings because, ‘What would your father think? What would James think of how low we have stooped?’. He bears it though. He loves his mother, cares for her deeply, and even though he is just eleven, there is an understanding deep within his heart: settled and cool. He knows his place. Knows his mother’s place as well. Looks at the crowds that gather around him, the children that giggle, and the couples that titter. Judges them and places them. 

Learns how to look into the eyes of nameless faces and judge them for what they are.

The wealthy, the poor, the enraptured, the drunk. But all the same. Fools.

There is a problem though. 

William is good at what he does. Too good. But he’s only good at the one thing. He can out juggle anyone in the world (so he thinks) but that’s all he can do, and people are a voracious lot when they are the ones who supply the pay. Boredom. It plagues his little act. 

The same faces that used to cheer for him now walk by without a second glance. The children that would pull their mothers by their hands and point now ignore him entirely. The comforting weight of metals in his hat keeps lessening, and each day, he returns home with less and less to give to his poor mother. And even though she denies using, even acknowledging, William’s money, she notices the absence of bread in the pantry, of fresh milk to drink. A reliance had formed in the short year William had begun his act, and now without it, they were struggling once more.

Drowning.

He’s trying out a new street corner today. It’s further from his home than he is comfortable with, and there are too many people that look at him strangely, but he pushes past his fears, calling to the strolling masses to come by and gander at his tricks. A few men on their lunch break gather, chortling to themselves as William shows them the balls one by one, adding more and more to his hands and throwing them into the air. 

They clap and whistle, and their enthusiasm draws more people to his corner. There is a sizable crowd, perhaps ten adults and a few children, and it’s not long before their bemusement leads to cents dropping into his well-worn cap. He keeps going, changing up the rhythm of his juggles and pretending to lose hold of a few before moving in such a way where his “save” is remarkable. 

It’s not five minutes into his performance though when he spots a figure snaking their way through the crowd, shifty and low. It stops just behind a portly looking man, who has been watching William’s performance from the beginning, and before he can speak up, the man rears back, hand slapping towards his back pocket as he turns around with a yell.

“Hey!” he alarms. “Thief!”

And it would appear there is one, as the slim figure William has been glancing at darts away, fingers grasping what looked to be a thick, leather wallet. The fat man is already giving chase but it’s clear to William, and all the other onlookers, that it is an unfair race, the thief several paces ahead of the man who struggles to move his feet in time.

Normally, William would give no heed to such a situation and carry on with his performance. It has happened before, some other, more foolish imbecile taking an unearned opportunity to make a quick buck, and every time, William has turned a blind eye. In a way, he understands the thieves' desperation. Often, they are just children, some younger than he, and in horrible need of the money. 

But William himself is tired and desperate. The past two weeks, he has barely managed to scrape together a dollar, and it frightens him so to count the individual pennies and still find it not enough to buy essentials he and his mother need. They have always lived in comfort, but it has come at the cost of his mother’s labor and a son with hardly any shame left. 

So, it is not out of the kindness of his heart nor a sense of moral justice that has him hurling a baseball at the runaway. It is the start of something ugly in his chest that curves his fingers, strengthens his arms enough so that there is speed and accuracy that hurtles along with cowhide and string. 

It is a mantra of ‘Unfair, unfair, unfair!’ that makes him throw the ball.

It hits the mark, slamming into the back of a head with dark hair, and the thief falls into the road, clumsily spilling and letting go of the wallet they had been desperate enough to pick-pocket for. The fat man catches up, snatching the wallet from the soggy ground, and throwing a look of disgust at the crumpled heap of foul stenches and dirty clothes. William walks up to the pair, grabbing his baseball with only a mild annoyance at the grime that covers a side of it.

“Thank you, young man,” the portly gentleman huffs, checking through the content of his wallet. “That was some throw.”

“You’re welcome, sir,” William replies demurely, turning back with a heavy sigh as he sees the crowd already dispersed. He would not be making anymore money today.

“And you.” William glances back to see the thief slowly begin to pick themselves back off the ground. “How dare you!” the older man continues, spittle flying out of his mouth. “Have you no shame? Nothing better to do than steal from honest, hard-working people? Punks like you are why this city is rotting to its core, and it’s only through the efforts of upstanding young men like him-” the older man gestures furiously to William- “that it’s still standing!”

He spits at the hunched figure, sneering once more as he does so, before turning his back and facing William, a toothy grin instantly washing away the hatred that was just there.

“I believe a reward is in question,” he says, fingering through his wallet without breaking eye contact. “Your name, young man?”

“William, sir,” the eleven year old responds quickly, practically gaping as the gentleman pulls out a bill. “William Cobb.”

“Well, William, perhaps it was fate we met today.” The paunchy gentleman pulls out three, one-dollar bills and holds them out for William to take. “I quite enjoyed your show there. Tell me, have you been juggling for long?”

William takes the offered money with reverence, scarcely believing his good luck, and carefully tucks it into the pocket of his pants. “A year, sir. I used to do it for my folks, but I do it for show now. Sir.”

The man’s eyes hold a certain gleam to them as he listens to William. “Used to? Something happen to your family, Will?”

“Oh no, sir. Just my Pa. He died when I was young, so it’s just me and my mother. We’re happy,” he adds as a second thought, suddenly too aware that it’s getting dark. “I’m real glad I could help you today, sir, but I gotta go home. My ma’s expecting me.” She was not. It was hardly seven and his mother only came back at nine on a good night.

“Well, before you go, I’d like to offer you a job. A real job that pays better than… this. Here,” the man says, producing one of those fancy looking business cards William sees in the gutters a lot. “Talk it over with your mom. It’s a great opportunity, Will. One that’d be pretty thick to pass up.”

William takes the card carefully, trying to pick apart the words on it. He’s never been too smart and only went to school when they could afford to. That was several years ago though, and his ability to read is subpar.

“Think about it,” the man says again, tipping his hat in farewell as he walks off. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Will. Take care.”

He watches the overweight man walk away, down the street and out of sight. The street lamps are slowly turning on, and in their yellowed light, William looks down at the card in his hand again. He squints and reads:

Haly’s Circus and Wonders

He forgets about the thief entirely.

He does not tell his mother about what happened. Nor does he show her the business card he was given. 

William isn’t sure why he doesn’t do those things. He tries to justify his hesitance with the small thoughts of his mother being just a woman, the fright of hearing her only son being nearly harassed on the streets by low-lifes enough to make her faint. Women were fragile things, his mother especially so, and he couldn’t bear the thought of seeing her so distraught. She had enough to worry about, such as bills and work, and it seemed irresponsible to William to burden her with yet another concern.

So, he hides the card beneath his pillow and takes extra care to disperse the coins he received from the day around the house. He takes two of the three dollars Mister Haly had given him to buy food, and though he is sorely tempted to buy candies and other tiny treats, he stops himself. Instead, he goes to the corner shop and buys a new baseball to replace the one he had soiled earlier.

(Really, it was perfectly fine. It was still just as clean as it had been before, all it took was a few wipes and some water, but something inside of William shivers at the thought of ever touching it again. The ball’s exterior had touched someone beneath him, after all. Someone his mother would shy away from were she ever to encounter them on the street, and William knows better than to bring that sort of thing into the house. He knows better now. He does.)

Later in the night, William listens to the sound of a key sliding into their front door lock, listens as his mother takes off her shoes to sink down into one of the dining room chairs, and hears the long and terrible sigh that leaves his poor mother.

One day. One day he’ll make enough money so they can live comfortably once again. So his mother won’t have to work anymore and he won’t have to juggle on the streets to put food on the table. One day, this will all be behind them and his mother will have a son to be proud of. 

Mister Haly’s card burns a hole through his pillow.

William finds the heat to be comforting. 

A promise.

 

The next day, William finds a different street corner to perform on. There aren’t as many people passing by, and he only makes fifteen cents, but he doesn’t see Mister Haly throughout the entire day. He goes home with something brimming inside of his chest, and he can’t yet place it to be either relief or disappointment. 

The card stays under his pillow for a week. It warms his ears and sometimes makes the night hard to sleep through, but he doesn’t throw it away. He can’t.

Everyday, William attempts to find an area he hasn’t been seen in before. It’s hard to keep up with where he is and where he should be, the distance between himself and his home growing each day. It’s a longer and longer walk, steps and energy he doesn’t quite have anymore, and every night he returns home with barely anything in his pockets is yet another night where Mister Haly’s card grows hotter. The heat is beginning to become unbearable; stifling him, suffocating him. 

And every night he hears his mother return home, the thing in his chest only becomes heavier. William thinks he knows what it is now: guilt. 

After nine days, William goes back to that fateful street corner. He doesn’t begin his routine but rather sits on the curb and watches the masses of people and carriages and cars go by. The section of the city he lives in is old and foul, smoke and other substances polluting the air and the cobblestone walkways. He sits and waits, feels the sun rise and peak and then begin to lower once more.

William isn’t sure exactly how long he sits there, but he closes his eyes, resolving within himself the decision he knows he has to make. Eleven years old, and the world already rests on his shoulders.

Anything for his mother though. Anything at all.

When he opens them, Mister Haly is sitting beside him, staring out into the middle distance.

“Have you talked it over with your mom yet, Will?”

“No.”

Mister Haly hums, a rumble beneath his thick coat despite the heat. 

“Have you made a decision then?”

William says nothing, looking down and toying with the new baseball he had purchased. He releases it to reach inside of his pants pocket, pulling out a crumpled and slightly damp business card.

“How much would I get paid?” he asks, a small frown pulling at his forehead.

“Twenty dollars a week is what I could start you out on. Of course, that could change depending on how good you get.”

Twenty, William mouths, unsure if he’s ever even held that much money before. That’s more than his mother makes. Way more.

“And I could send that money to my mom?”

Mister Haly glances over at him, something like a smirk on his lips. “‘Course, kiddo. Postal is picking up these days.”

William licks his lips. “Okay.”

“Hm?”

“I’ll… I’ll do it. I’ll work for you, sir.”

Mister Haly grins now, reaching back a hand to clap William’s back. He thumps good-naturedly, laughing as he does so. “Well, I’m mighty glad to hear that, Will! You’ll have a great time, I promise you that, and you’ll get to travel all over and meet all sorts of people.”

“That sounds great, sir,” William says, smile a little wobbly as he continues to stare at the business card. “Really, it does. It’s just… well, Mister Haly, I gotta talk to my mother about all this. See, I-I haven’t said nothing to her and I don’t know how she’ll take it and-”

Mister Haly waves his concerns away though, dismissive and flippant. “Oh no matter, boy. I’m sure she’ll come around. Say, I’ve got an idea. Why don’t you introduce me to her and I’ll talk to her for you? What do you say to that, Will? Doesn’t that sound easier, to let me do the talking? That way, you won’t get in trouble. You wouldn’t want to make your poor mother angry now, would you?”

William shakes his head, hesitant about the idea of taking Mister Haly to his home, but a selfish part of him that still stings from past lashes brightens at the idea of letting someone else take the fallout for him. “I don’t know, sir. My mom doesn’t like strangers coming by.”

“Well then that’s no issue,” Mister Haly deflects, waving his hand in the air again. “I’m no stranger am I, Will? Why, I thought we were friends! Gosh, I won’t lie to you, I feel a bit hurt at the thought of you thinking me to be a stranger , even after I offered you a job and all this time we’ve spent talking together.”

“No, no!” William is quick to rush out, shame flooding him as he realizes his mistake (He doesn’t acknowledge the fact that it’s been hardly a week since they’ve met, nor the fact that this is only the second time they’ve ever spoken). “I-I said that wrong, sir. I just meant that, even though I know you and all, my mom doesn’t really know what I get up to sometimes. She, uh, she doesn’t know about you.”

Mister Haly hums, tapping his fingers against his knee. “Alright then. That’s fine. Here’s what we’ll do then, Will. Invite me over for dinner. That way, your mom and I can talk for a bit and get to know each other.” He chuckles then, playfully shoving William’s shoulder. “Why, I’ve been told I am quite the charmer, so who knows? Your dear old mother might just fall for a guy like me.”

William crinkles his nose at the thought of his sweet mother tying the knot with the likes of a circus owner, but assents to the idea of dinner. “Okay. When, sir?”

“How about tonight?”

His mother comes home the same time she always arrives. At nine fifteen, the door is opening and his mother is toeing off her work shoes and beginning the process of unwinding from an entire day of laboring in a factory. She doesn’t get far though before she freezes at the sight of William and Mister Haly sitting at the dining room table.

Her face instantly drains of color and her hands tremble at her sides.

“William,” she says lightly, never taking her eyes off of the portly man sitting in her chair, “who’s this?”

“Hi, mom,” he greets nervously. “This is Mister Haly. A-A friend.”

“Hello, ma’am,” Mister Haly speaks up, getting out of his chair and holding out a hand. “I’m Jacob Haly. As your son said, I’m a friend of his. We met some time ago and I have some… beneficial opportunities I’d like to discuss with you about him.”

William’s mother slowly takes the offered hand, shaking it only once before quickly dropping it. Her eyes dart over to where her son sits, small and hunched in on himself but bold enough to wave.

“Has my son troubled you, sir? I’m terribly sorry if he has; you’ll have to forgive him. You understand how eleven year olds are these days.”

Mister Haly just chuckles though. “Oh, no trouble at all, ma’am. In fact, he’s done quite the opposite. You see, your son saved me from being robbed and we’ve become acquainted quite well since then. You’ve raised a mighty fine young man here, Mrs.Cobb.”

William ducks his face at the praise, ignoring the widening eyes of his mother. “Is that so?” she says faintly. “Please,” she continues, gesturing back to the chair, “do sit down. I’m afraid I wasn’t expecting a guest over this evening. Would you like something to eat, perhaps?”

“Actually, your son did invite me over for dinner, but I thought it would be rude of me to barge in. I brought some food, however, and I thought we might discuss your son’s future over dinner.” He produces a bag from beneath the table, the rich aroma of meat and hot bread filling the room.

“I see,” William’s mother acknowledges, shuffling in place. “A drink, then?”

Mister Haly shakes his head, brow twitching. “No, ma’am, I’m fine. Please, won’t you join your son and I? We have so much to talk about and I’d hate to keep a lovely woman like you on her feet.”

Slowly, William’s mother nods and drags a stool from the kitchen over to the table to sit on. She smiles pleasantly and folds her hands in her lap, knuckles white and lips strained.

“I’ve brought these meat pies from this saloon I often frequent. Their food is always fantastic,” Mister Haly hums happily, spreading his offering onto the table. William himself can’t remember the last time he had something so filling. 

“How did you say you met my son again?” William’s mother asks, hesitantly taking one of the offered pies.

“Well, it’s quite the story! You see, I spotted your son on one of the corners near downtown. You’re familiar with the area, yes?”

She nods and William suspects she already knows what he was doing there. 

“I was just on a stroll when I came upon your son performing by one of those street lamps. I was practically bewitched by his talent! Ma’am, and I am an honest fellow, never have I told a lie before, so believe me when I say I have never seen someone as talented as your son is. Why, by the time I came by, he had already entranced at least a dozen people- it was quite the show!”

Mister Haly takes a bite of his meat pie, chewing and swallowing before continuing. Crumbs rested on the sides of his face.

“Well, being as captured as I was, I didn’t notice a thief that had come up behind me. It was only when I felt my wallet leave my back-pocket did I catch on, and, well, look at the size of me!” He gives a hearty laugh, patting his stomach. “The little rat was already on his way with stealing my possessions when your son did the most remarkable thing.”

Mister Haly looks across the table, winking at William as he swivels his head back around.

“Why, William threw a ball at the thief! Stopping them right in their tracks! I’ve never seen anything like it before, truly, Mrs.Cobb, your boy saved me that day. Got my wallet back, gave the thief what he was askin’ for, and didn’t even expect anything in return! Without your son, I don’t think I’d be here talking to you now, ma’am.”

William can hardly contain the grin on his face, unused to receiving such compliments, especially by anyone other than his mother; who, after listening to Mister Haly’s account, was left with her mouth slightly agape and pie forgotten.

“He was a hero,” the older man continues, softer. “Mrs.Cobb, your son did a very brave thing and after seeing his talent, seeing his heart, it was all I could do but offer him a job with me. I’m always looking for passionate people in this world, ma’am, and they’re always in short supply. So, with your permission, I would like to give William a position with good pay. A real job.”

“Job?” William’s mother whispers, seemingly incapable of raising her voice any further. “You’re offering my son a job with wages?”

“Yes, ma’am. Twenty dollars a week, and I can offer a starting bonus as well.”

“I- Mister Haly, I’m sorry, but what is it you do? What, exactly, are you offering my son?”

He produces an identical business card to the one William had gotten that fateful day. She takes it, staring at the card for several moments. William can’t read her face. Can’t… judge whatever it is she is thinking or feeling at the moment. Mister Haly glances over to him and winks again. William struggles to smile.

“You work in a circus?” she breathes. “You want my son to work in your circus ?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Mister Haly replies evenly, unperturbed as he continues to eat. This is his second pie. “Like I said, I would be paying your son quite well at twenty a week. I’m sure this is more than what you’re making, hm?”

William’s mother flushes at the remark and William wonders if it’s humiliation that crosses her face.

“I assure you that your son will be well taken care of. We’ve already discussed his pay and it’s perfectly fine for him to send portions of what he earns back to you through postage.”

She sets the card down lightly on the table, careful to avoid the mess from the pies, and slides it back across to the man in front of her. 

“While I’m sure my son is… ecstatic to receive such a generous offer, I simply cannot allow him to accept it. Under no circumstance will my son be participating in-in some wild show for him to be laughed at. I am sorry to decline, Mister Haly, but my answer is no.”

“But, ma!” William cries, surprised and disappointed. “How can you say that? It-It’s a real job! I’d be gettin’ paid and-”

“This is not up for debate!” William’s mother shouts sharply, scowling at her son. “I think it would be best if you left now, Mister Haly. Thank you for the meal, but I-”

“Now, now, I think if we all calmed down a bit, we could talk things out. Mrs.Cobb, I don’t think you’re aware of how sought after a position in my circus is. We’re famous all across America and even travel to Europe occasionally. Seeing a performance, much less being offered to be in one, is a dream for many.”

“I have no doubt of that,” William’s mother snaps, “but I will not allow my son to participate in a monkey’s performance for people across the world to jeer at. I don’t know how you were raised or where you’re from, but the Cobbs are a respectable family and neither I, nor his father, will ever stand for that kind of mockery. My son will not be made a fool to gawk at.” She pauses then, sucking in a breath before turning to glare at her son. “William, go to your room.”

“But, ma-”

“Now! Wait for me there, but don’t you dare come out.”

Stricken, William can only gape at his mother’s fury, whatever hope that had been rising in his chest quickly curdling. His eyes dart over to Mister Haly, pleading, and watches as the older man mouths to him, ‘Don’t worry’, but his mother’s sharp tap against the table stops him from interpreting the rest.

William sniffs, the familiar burn in the back of his eyes overtaking him, before he jumps out of his chair, bare feet slapping against the wooden floors. A moment later, his door slams shut and William huddles in on himself, wrapping his arms around his knees and trying his best not to cry.

He knew it was a long-shot, something near impossible, to convince his mother to let him join Mister Haly and his circus. William quite liked the idea of going beyond the limits of Gotham, of seeing the country and maybe even beyond. He’d never had the chance to see the ocean before, only glimpses of it in pictures, and he had dared let himself believe that that might be a possibility for him one day. But his mother was a stubborn and proud woman, tied to the graces she had been raised with and the buried legacy his father died with. 

He just couldn’t understand why his mother insisted on keeping him here. Of trapping him in the confines of their home, their uncomfortable lives. He couldn’t take it any longer. If she would just let him take this chance, breach the strict line in the sand that he had never hoped to toe, maybe then they could live like they used to. Where money was never a problem and his mother was always home and cooking or sewing, a bright smile on her face and lovingly soft handles to hold his face. He missed that version of his mother.

Missed when they lived comfortably. Missed when the difference between a street urchin and himself wasn’t as blurred as it is now. Now he lives in the gray, constantly verging and veering between poverty and middle-class wealth. 

It’s all gray. Gray, gray, gray, and he doesn’t know if there’s any going back once he’s truly crossed the line.

He wants to. He wants to cross the line.

William sits on his floor for a long time, not caring to listen to the muffled voices, and rests his forehead against his knees, breaths shallow and small. His butt hurts and his back twinges, but the strength to get up has left him. He’s lost the singular chance he had at gaining back what they had lost years ago. His hopes were born through Mister Haly, and with him, they will leave. 

Tired, William’s eyes slowly close, the vestiges of any dream he had closing as well.

It is not a soft gray that greets him, but black.

Black.

It is still black when he wakes, a fervent hand on his shoulder.

“William,” a voice whispers. “Wake up, dear.”

He blinks, staring into the blue eyes of his mother. Light pours in through his open door, and in the dim, the blue sparkles. Stars in the night.

“Hey, baby,” she says, soft and full of love. “There you are.”

William yawns, his right arm numb from where he fell asleep on the floor of his bedroom. “Hm?” he murmurs. “Ma?”

She shushes him, placing one of her hands onto the side of his face and rubbing her thumb back and forth in soothing strokes. “It’s okay, sweetie. You’re okay.”

He’s still blinking sleep out of his eyes, still trying to process exactly what’s going on after being awoken so abruptly, but his mother gathers him into her arms anyway. Her dress still smells of chemicals and sweat, a consequence of that awful factory, but William finds comfort in the smell. He knows it now to be of his mother, the sole woman in his life and the most important. He sighs and wraps his smaller arms around her.

“I love you,” his mother says, face in his hair. “I love you so much, William. You know that, right?”

He nods, still sleepy. “I love you too, ma.”

His mother sighs, breath hitching, and she hugs him tighter. She holds him for a long time, both merely basking in the presence and warmth of another, and William drifts into a deep sleep once more.

A blissful black.

He’s not sure how Mister Haly did it, or even what changed his mother’s mind, but within the week, he’s packing his bag and saying his final goodbyes before heading off on the next train. 

“I want you to be a very good boy,” his mother frets, fussing over his hair and clothes. “Behave yourself and remember your manners. Write to me every day and use one of those telephones if you get the chance. I know you’ll be busy, but don’t forget to eat and eat properly. You’ll be taking care of yourself from now on and that means eating all of your vegetables, not just meat and candy. Do you understand, son? Oh, and don’t forget to brush your teeth before bed every night and wash yourself. I don’t care that you’ll be in a circus, that’s no reason not to be hygienic. Say your prayers too, alright? And-”

“Ma,” William interrupts, pushing away the hand that had been picking at his shirt-collar. “I know. You don’t gotta worry. I’ll be good.”

She stops, hands stilling at her sides and a look of absolute ache wavering over her features. “I know you will. You’re… you’re a young man now, William, but that will never stop me from worrying. It’s my job as a mother. Your mother.”

William nods, serious and determined. “Don’t worry, ma. You’ll see. I’m gonna make it big and when we’re rich again, you won’t have to work no more. Mister Haly said I was gonna be a star, so I know it’s gonna work out good. You’ll see, ma. I promise.”

She lowers herself, kneeling in front of her son. Her hands ghost over his face, desperately studying and memorizing every last detail. “You know,” she pleads, “I’m happy just the way we are. You don’t have to go, William. You can stay here. Aren’t you happy here? With me? I can be home more if you need me to be. You can go back to school and I’ll find somewhere better to work-”

But William just shakes his head, listening as the train pulls into the station and people begin to move aboard. It’s almost time.

“That’s why I’m going, ma. So you won’t have to work. It’s like dad always said: the Cobbs live comfortably. I want to be comfortable again, ma. Don’t you?”

His mother’s mouth pulls downward in a small sob, bringing her son close and tucking her head into his neck. “I am,” she whispers. “I am comfortable. I am, William, I am.”

A whistle blows through the station, high-pitched and wailing. A throat clears from beside the pair, and William looks up to see Mister Haly gazing down at him. He motions towards the awaiting train and William gently pries himself away from his tearful mother.

“I gotta go now,” he says, apologetic. 

She nods sharply, sniffing and trying her best to compose herself. She stands, wiping at her face, before stooping down one last time and pressing a long kiss onto William’s forehead.

“I love you. Never forget that you have a home to return to whenever you need to.”

“I won’t,” William says, equally as soft. “I’ll come back soon, ma. I love you.”

He waves goodbye, watching through the window as the train slowly pulls out of the station. His eyes never leave his mother’s, still just as bright in the day as they were in the night. 

Blue as the sky and pure as the stars.

A month into his introduction and arrival at Mister Haly’s circus, William is told he has to “up” his act. 

“Juggling balls won’t get you places,” one of the other circus people tells him. He hasn’t learned their name yet, but they speak in a heavy Spanish accent that’s difficult for him to understand sometimes. “Try these.”

He is handed small throwing knives, something he has never seen before, and when he tosses them into the air, he quickly finds that juggling blades is not as easy as juggling a round object. He cuts himself, a long gash from his middle finger-tip to his wrist, and cries all night, regretting his decision to work for Mister Haly and missing his mother with a fierceness unlike anything else he’s ever experienced. 

The circus isn’t like what he had imagined. Somehow, the visions of riding elephants and traveling the world don’t match up with the life he lives now. Every minute he isn’t practicing with the knives, he’s helping to load or unload part of the enormous circus. Every day that isn’t spent learning a new routine is spent healing or lying down sick. He does get to travel, but the new places, the new people, he encounters are all strangers he hasn’t ever been exposed to before. His small body was only ever accustomed to Gotham smog, and the first several months are spent being feverish and ill, as well as trying his best to keep up with the intense pace Mister Haly has set. 

But, he gets used to it. He keeps his promise and writes a letter to his mother everyday, and it helps him to push through the worst of it. The ache in his chest for his mother never abates, but the courage to continue grows when he receives his first ever paycheck. He sends half of it through the mail to his mother and keeps the other half for himself, in awe of the sum total in his hands. He isn’t quite sure what to do with it, as most of the food he gets is supplied to all performers for free, but it is the most exciting thing that has happened to him since his arrival.

William gets better with the knives, learning again and again what a mistake feels like on his small hands. New scars and scrapes scatter across them daily, but the addition of heavy and thick calluses show how accustomed he has grown to the feel of metal in his hands. 

It is five months into his stay at Haly’s Circus and Wonders when he is told he will be performing for the first time. 

“You’ll go out there as part of a quad,” Mister Haly tells him, motioning to the wide arena floor that had been set up. An orange and white striped tent drapes over them, enormous and like a gigantic dome. “You won’t be alone, you’re not good enough for solo yet, so you’ll be part of a side act with Bates, Ickles, and Sammy. Got it?”

Bates was a fire-breather, Ickles was a contortionist, and Sammy was the world's strongest woman. William all found them strange but breathtaking to watch. And he would get to perform with them.

He’s only good enough to have gotten the hang of juggling two knives without dropping them or cutting himself, so on the opening night, William does his best to show his mastery. Mister Haly tells him the audience will be fascinated with his act for how young he is, turning twelve in three months he reminds himself daily, and like he always is, Mister Haly is right.

He runs out into the arena with the other three performers, waiting for his cue, and when the spotlight shines down on him, he hears a noticeable volume change in the audience as he throws up the first knife. It is impossible to hear distinct voices, or truly tell who the cheers are for, but William likes to think that the roar he hears when he begins to chuck knives around like they’re feathers is for him. He turns and jumps, keeping perfect balance and awareness of what he’s juggling at all times, and when he’s completed his routine, he bows and grins so widely it hurts.

He’s sweating and shaking slightly, breaths fast and uneven, but the tempo within his heart is enough to keep him on his feet and stand with his fellow performers, bowing before the crowd before fleeing so the next persona could take a stand. 

Mister Haly is still in center-stage when William retreats to watch the rest of the show, a ringmaster through and through with his booming voice and inspiring charisma, but afterwards, when the spectators had dispersed and all that was left was clean-up, Mister Haly rounds on him and pats him hard on the back.

“Well done!” he proclaims, jovial and red in the face. “My, that was quite the show there, son!”

“Thank you, sir,” William replies, still breathless and riding the high of his first ever performance. None of it feels real, like he’s fallen asleep and only daydreamed it all.

But it is real and present, tangible in the way the train rattles whenever they move and pervasive in the way his ears are left ringing after each showing. William finds a certain… elevation in it all. A uniqueness he’s never once experienced before whenever he feels the knives in his hands, knowing he and he alone can do the things the crowd screams for. 

Three months pass, and William celebrates his twelfth birthday surrounded by people from all across America and beyond, singing to him in their own languages and gifting him items he’s never going to have a use for. Mister Haly doesn’t like cake, so they give William pie and he eats half of it. Later, a letter is slipped beneath his trailer door and William nearly squeals in delight when he sees it’s another letter from his mother. 

He’s still not very good at reading, and his penmanship skills are severely lacking, but he can read, ‘Happy birthday, dear,’ and ‘I love you,’ clear as day. His stomach clenches and his heart aches for his beloved mother, and William resolves to send even more money back to her the next time he gets paid. He hopes it’s enough to finally get her to stop working. Everytime he writes a letter, he asks if she’s decided to quit yet, and each response contains a singular, resounding “no”. One day. One day, it’ll be enough. He just has to keep working.

Before he’s even aware of it, an entire year passes with Mister Haly’s circus. He’s grown taller, his hair has grown longer, and he’s gotten better at his act. Sometimes, he switches up the rotation while he’s juggling, other times he’ll have someone throw the knives at him while he’s already handling a few. He practices for hours on end, perfecting his craft with a level of sincerity and determination unheard of for someone as young as he. Though he is too shy to say it, William secretly thinks he is one of the hardest working people in the circus; barring Mister Haly, of course.

With his determination though, William finds himself growing more tired each day. He rises with the sun and sleeps long after it has set, and one day, William forgets to write a letter. He doesn’t realize his mistake until the next morning, this unbridled sense of guilt overwhelming him. Not once has he ever forgotten to write to his mother, and not once has his mother ever forgotten to write to him. Filled with shame, William convinces one of the circus hands to help him compose a proper letter, one that expresses how sorry he is for having forgotten to write (and how he also, however temporarily, forgot about his mother).

He vows to never let it happen again, no matter how tired he is. His sweet mother deserved so much better and William berates himself for weeks. Never again.

But it happens again. And again. And again. Each time William scolds himself for forgetting, and every week after, he forgets once more. It comes to the point where William can scarcely remind himself to write once a week, quickly turning into every few weeks. His mother makes no mention of it in her letters to him, just inquiring about his health and how things are at Haly’s Circus. It’s as if she hardly notices.

Another year passes, and William begins to grow more confident in his act. At thirteen, he is one of the most popular acts among the children, the little ones flocking to him whenever he enters the ring. He shows off his knives to them, as well as the curious parents, demonstrating their sharpness by cutting up apple slices and handing them out to eager hands. He even lets one of the adults touch the tips of one of the blades, a bead of red gliding down their finger. 

Only after he has proven the authenticity of his knives does he begin by tossing one of them high into the air, an arc curving through the balanced weight. He catches it behind his back, firm grip around it’s handle, before doing the same with a second knife, tossing the one behind his back into the air as well. Then does he begin to juggle the two, waltzing around and spinning as he does so, weaving between the onlookers and excitable children. He calls to one of the spectators, asking them to look inside his bag and pull out whatever else is in it (of course, the spectator is really a trained assistant to William, but none in the crowd know this). William walks over to them, and with a flare, demands that they throw the knife at him. With a little bit of encouragement, and enough intrigue to get an even larger crowd, the assistant does so, throwing it precisely and in such a way where William grabs it in between his juggle and adds it to the collection in his hands. 

It’s a trick that always earns shocked applause, screams of delight from families and other bystanders in awe of his performance. Depending on the schedule, William will sometimes add a fourth blade if it seems like the turnout is low. It never truly is, Mister Haly makes sure of it, but William continues to practice by adding more and more blades to his act. 

The years continue to pass, William’s letters to his mother now being limited to holidays and birthdays. It’s not that he has forgotten her (he won’t admit he can’t recall what she smells like or even what her favorite color is), but his agenda has become so full, it is nearly impossible to have enough time to even think of Gotham or his mother. He gradually matures, growing into his features and developing a charisma even more striking than the ringmaster’s. His act grows as well, each year adding something more daring, something more fascinating with each showing. Not once has he ever had a bad performance, continuing to shock the crowd and wow them with his skills, and soon enough, William has become famous. 

A household name, his fellow performers tease him. An almost legendary status among the entertainers of the world. Haly’s Circus is invited to perform in Europe several times, and even once gave a private showing for the president. The correlation between this infamy and William’s arrival does not go unnoticed. 

All the while, William and Mister Haly grow closer. The affectionate nickname of ‘son’ turns into something with a little more weight behind it than just playful banter, and though William doesn’t think he will ever think of the man as his father, William knows he considers Mister Haly one of his closest friends and confidants. They grow older together, the once youthful face of the ringmaster aging with wrinkles and liver spots. William surpassed him in height when he was just fourteen and Mister Haly recounts that day fondly to anyone who will listen. It is a friendship that carries on into adulthood for William, and by the time he is twenty, the foundations for something greater are settled.

It’s a dim but quiet night when Mister Haly invites the young man to his trailer. William accepts, knowing that either a meal or a cigar was waiting for him, but when he enters and finds none of that, he isn’t quite sure what to make of it.

“Sit down, son,” Mister Haly says, already having sunk into a weathered cushion chair. “We need to talk.”

William does as he is told, settling comfortably onto one of the wooden chairs from the small kitchen. He is reminded of the many years ago when Mister Haly came over for dinner, when he first spoke to his mother and somehow convinced her to let William go to the circus. Even after all this time, William isn’t quite sure how he did it.

“Did something happen?” he asks, sizing up the older man. 

“No, nothing bad,” Mister Haly hums, in his hands a small cup of scotch William can smell from his chair. They sit there in easy silence for a few moments before the older man sighs, setting down the cup against his thigh. “We’ve known each other for a long time, haven’t we, Will?”

“Almost a decade,” William agrees. 

Mister Haly nods, sucking in the sides of his cheek. “And in all this time, after all these years… Would you say you’ve been happy here, Will? That you’ve liked staying in the circus?”

His answer is immediate. “Of course! These have been some of the best years of my life, Haly. I don’t think I’d trade them for anything.”

The old ringmaster sighs again, a more rushed and forceful response to his own agitation. “Even at the cost of your relationship with your own mother? You rarely ever see her. Rarely ever get to stop working or visit your old hometown. Even with those consequences, can you truly say you’ve been happy?”

William frowns, confused. “What’s going on, Haly? What’s this really about?”

“Just answer the question, son. Please.”

The demand hangs in the air for a minute, both mulling over and waiting for the other to speak up first. Finally, William leans forwards, bracing his hands on his knees and staring into the older man’s face.

“Do you remember when we first met?” he asks. When the other man nods, William continues. “You didn’t know it, but that was probably the lowest point of my entire life. My mother was working shifts a woman should never have to labor and, on my own, I was struggling to make a dime a week. My father had only just died a few years prior, and my mother and I were on the verge of poverty. I was... hopeless, or at least, losing hope. And then you showed up; big man on some random street corner, watching this strange kid juggle like his life depended on it, oblivious to the point where you almost got robbed.” William chuckles a little, eyes flickering to the floor in sentimental recollection. “Lucky bastard that you are, I managed to save your wallet, and do you remember what you said as you handed those three dollars over to me?”

There is a small grin forming on the older man’s face and William finds one of his own growing as well.

“You said it was fate. Fate we met that day, fate that I was at my wit's end and struggling, and fate that you were an open and honest man who saw me for worth I wasn’t sure I was capable of ever possessing. Haly, if happiness was all I had gained from my time here, it would be all too telling of fate to make me stay.”

William takes a long breath, leaning back further into his chair and splaying his hands out.

“I truly believe, Haly, that this is where I am meant to be. I was never a big believer in God and all that church nonsense, but I do believe it was fate we met that day. Probably the biggest break, the biggest coincidence, life is ever going to hand to me, but I wouldn’t trade any of it for the world.”

He lets his words sit for a minute, observing as the older man simply stares back at William, a small smile lifting his aging features. It’s not an uncomfortable silence, one that is the product of so many years of traveling and growing together, and the small trailer they sit in is one of comfort and home. Yes, William decides then, the circus is his home.

Finally, Mister Haly lifts his scotch glass once more, taking a long sip before loudly exhaling. There is a sort of… relief in his face as he does so, as if a minor problem that had been nagging him for decades has been solved. 

“Well, I’m mighty glad to hear that, Will. I truly am.”
Notes:

    Well, it's finally here! This chapter alone ended up being 50 plus pages on google docs, so I had to split it into two parts to make it more digestible. Part two will be here soon~

     

    Let me know what you thought guys!

Chapter 7: William Cobb: Part II- Apostasy
Summary:

    Apostasy
    noun
    the abandonment or renunciation of a religious or political belief

Notes:

    The same notes from the previous chapter apply here as well

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

1922

It is the year of his twenty-first birthday when Mister Haly announces that they will be traveling through Gotham for a performance. A few groans are met with this news; Gotham, in recent years, having taken a turn for the worse in terms of its economy and crime. William, however, is noticeably excited about the prospect of performing in his hometown, of going back to his old stomping grounds and showing them what he’s become. 

A celebrity in all the senses of the word, and William cannot wait to see the look on his mother’s face. With the money he’s sent her, he’s sure that she’s managed to save up enough of it to move out of that dinky old house and begin life in a much larger, more well-maintained area. Would she even recognize him, after all this time apart? He’s told he’s grown handsomely into his features, angled cheekbones and high brow bone. His figure from working in a circus for practically half of his life also helps this reputation, and the learned behaviors he’s picked up from Mister Haly play a role too.

Twenty one year old William Cobb is nothing like the meek, shabby, and struggling eleven year old boy he left Gotham as. 

They arrive in autumn, trees turning hues of brown and orange and a cold wind lifting them and spreading their debris. When William steps off of the train, he breathes in deeply, taking in scents he hadn’t remembered missing and gazing into the small city with all of its changes and shifts. There are new buildings, new neighborhoods, and many, many more people. 

He did not write to his mother to tell her he was coming. He figured he would keep it a surprise, something for her to gawk and beam at in the way ladies tend to do when taken-aback at something pleasant. His mother called him a “young man” when he left, but now, William knows he has grown far beyond that title. 

The first day is spent wandering and exploring this newer Gotham. Walking down streets he didn’t recall having been there before and meandering towards more familiar grounds. Out of curiosity, and a fair bit of nervousness, William makes his way towards his old house. Standing before it, a flood of nostalgia and old memories consume his mind. He didn’t remember the old house being as small as it is, but maybe the world is just that much bigger when you haven’t seen any of it. 

There is a worm of fear wrapped around his heart though. Terrible questions pounding into his brain that scream insecurities that all of his work wasn’t enough for his mother to move out. Wasn’t even enough to keep her away from working and living off of plain white bread and discount mystery meat. 

He steels himself though, walking up the two steps to his old home and knocking thrice upon the wooden door. He waits perhaps fifteen seconds before he hears footsteps pattering against the floor, the tell-tale creak of a certain loose board enough to send his heart racing as the door is unlocked and opened.

The woman who stares back at him is not his mother.

“Hello,” William breathes, relief making his knees weak. “I used to live here. Is there a, um, an Anna Cobb here by chance?”

The woman shakes her head, closing the door slightly. “No, I’m sorry, there isn’t. Have a nice day, sir.”

The door shuts in his face but William is too elated to take much offense to it. His mother was gone! Out of that meager, uncomfortable house! He had done it! Now, all that was left was to find her. He’s sure if he asked around he would have no trouble in locating her, his father having done enough in social circles to make sure the Cobb name was at least recognizable. Oh, glory days, he had done it!

With a skip in his step, William returns back to the circus, his elation enough to push him through the next week in preparing and setting up the tents and performances necessary to put on a good show. Recently, they had added a few more animals to their repertoire and William had also prepared heavily for this night. This performance in Gotham would be one of his best of all time, and William could not wait for the citizens to see what he had accomplished in a mere ten years.

The day comes, Haly’s tent practically overflowing with how many people attempt to redeem their tickets and take a seat. Though not uncommon, William can’t help the spark of glee in his heart at seeing so much of his hometown show up. He feels like a little kid again, nervous for his first performance but confident enough he can amaze them.

“Ladies and gentlemen!” Mister Haly begins, voice carrying throughout the enclosement and reverberating out of the many speakers. “Boys and girls! Welcome to Haly’s Circus and Wonders!”

A roar of cheers meet his greeting and William bounces from foot to foot, peeking out from behind the curtain. He scans the crowd, hoping to somehow find the familiar face of his mother, but instead meets the eyes of a young lady with red-hair, alight in excitement. It’s as if the world stops for a moment, the two young adults daring to hold each other’s gaze in that small moment. Red hair, freckles, and a kind smile, William doesn’t think he’s ever seen anyone as captivating as her.

“Tonight, as many of you are aware, one of your very own will be taking center-stage to perform for his hometown! Famed across the world for his inhuman skills and feats of daring, I give you… William Cobb: The world’s best knife-juggler!”

It’s his cue to emerge, this final announcement from Haly, and William is forced to rip his eyes away from the young lady, breath stolen from his lungs even as he runs and leaps through a hoop of fire to take center. The momentary distraction does nothing to dampen his performance though, demonstrating with ease the dangers of what he does. He’s been good enough for years now to have a solo performance, and William has always taken advantage of having the spotlight trained on him. 

It goes without a hitch, the crowd gasping at the right moments and cheering at the end of it. When he takes a bow, flowers are thrown at his feet, whistles and shouts of appreciation echoing. He glances up into the stands, again finding his eyes meeting that of the red-haired young lady, and William smiles with his eyes and his teeth, oozing charm and fame. He swears he sees her blushing, the lights make it hard to tell, before he is pulled off of the stage for the next performance.

The adrenaline doesn’t hit him until after the crowd has left and clean-up begins. The sudden, incessant need to do something, run or scream or something, yanks at him until he can’t take it any longer and he slips out of sight. His feet carry him everywhere, walking past enormous houses and saloons and into the messier portions of this new Gotham. 

He passes by numerous homeless people, careful to stay out of direct eye line for those still awake and hoping to beg for some change. Looking at them now and what he himself has, William understands why his mother was so horrified all those years ago. What he had done back then, to scrape by and survive, was a form of begging and William shudders at the thought of ever getting to that point again. An urchin, his mother had likened him to. No, never again. He lived in comfort now. 

Just as his father used to say. The Cobbs lived in comfort. Nothing less.

He’s walking by yet another saloon when he hears the sound of retching. His head turns only slightly, careful to make sure it wasn’t something completely unsavory to involve himself with, and peers down an alleyway from where the noise came from. It’s a woman, or at least appears to be one, arm braced against the side of a brick wall and heaving onto the damp ground. She’s in plain clothing, dress dirtied and shawl left on the ground next to her bare feet. For a moment, William fears that this woman has been taken advantage of or perhaps mugged, taking in the sight of her dishevelment.

“Miss?” he calls out to her, approaching slowly. “Miss, are you alright?”

She doesn’t respond to him, head still bowed against the brick wall and dry heaving, waving him off with a free hand.

“Go away,” she slurs. “Don’ bother me.”

Close enough as he is, William notices the gray streaks in her hair, loose from whatever arrangement it had been in before. Stricken by the sudden apparentness of her age,  William closes the distance, resting a hand on her shoulder and pulling her away from the wall. Her face is still bowed, unsteady on her feet, and William isn’t quite sure what to do.

“Ma’am, I don’t think you’re well-”

“Dammit, where’ve you gone off to now?” a voice interrupts him, a man standing outside of the saloon William had just passed. The stranger spots the pair, a frown pulling at his face as he marches towards him. “Excuse me, young man, just what do you think you’re doing?”

“Nothing!” William is quick to say, releasing his grip from the woman. “I was just concerned about her, that's all. I saw her here and wasn’t sure if she was ill or not.”

The man shakes his bald head, reflecting slightly beneath the lamp light. “Nah, the old hag ain’t ill. She’s just drunk.”

“Drunk?” William echoes, watching as the stranger carefully guides the older woman back towards the saloon.

“Yeah,” the man says, whispering to the stumbling woman. “She’s a regular here at this establishment. Comes here almost every night to get drunk. I’m the owner, see, so I’ve just taken it upon myself to make sure she doesn’t keel over one day from a failed liver.” The man laughs, a bitter and hollow sound. “Poor Anna’s been living like this for who knows how long. I’ve never seen your face around here before, but most people know to just ignore her.”

William feels like he’s been struck in the chest with one of his own knives. 

“Did you say- Did you say her name was Anna?” he asks, voice trembling. He steps forwards reaching out a hand. “Anna, you said?”

“Yeah,” the man replies carefully, eyeing William even as the woman grips onto the door frame. “That’s her name.”

“Karl,” the woman slurs. “Karl, I gotta get to the po...post office. I’ve got a letter.”

“It’s Sunday,” the man says, gently. “It’s not open, Anna.”

“Oh,” she sighs, lifting her head slightly. “Ah.”

It is then that she turns her face to look at William, graying and tangled hair falling across her cheeks. 

Blue eyes stare at him, clear as the sky and bright as the stars.

William feels his stomach drop and the pavement give way beneath his feet. It couldn’t be. Not his- Not her. No, it would be impossible. He saved . He sent so much to her. A decade's worth of earnings. There’s just no way. No, no, it couldn’t be. 

Ann- The woman’s head falls back against the frame of the door, a heavy sigh escaping her even as “Karl” supports her weight.

“I miss him,” she mumbles into the night, a quiet admission full of clarity untouched by the alcohol. “Everyday.”

“Let’s get you back inside,” Karl shushes her, pulling her further into the saloon. “Goodnight, sir,” he adds, turning around only briefly to spare a glance before the door shuts once more and the light disappears from the street.

Numbness crawls over William’s entire body and how he gets back to the circus is a mystery all on its own. He returns to his trailer, unlocked and full of every letter he had ever received from his mother, and stares at their contents well into the bleak twilight. He scours through them, looking for any sign, any hint, to indicate towards his mother’s peril. This… ailment that has afflicted her so. In all the daydreams he had ever had the pleasure of fantasizing, never once had it ever occurred to him that they would not involve visions of grandeur with his mother.

In every wild image conjured in his mind, his mother was a comfortable lady living inside of a comfortable home, dressed with dainty finery and white lace socks.

Never, not in a thousand lifetimes, had he ever expected to find her drunk, filthy, and living off of the charity of a strange man. She was… His own mother had turned into an urchin. The very thing she had always been horrified of, believed to be something so much lower than the Cobbs themselves. Even now, William can feel the phantom stings of the lashes he had received by his mother’s own hand, his father’s belt cracking against his backside. School had never been a true option, but William had absorbed every lesson his mother had ever taught him, engraving them into his brain just as the bruises had done to his legs.

The letters reveal nothing except a slow decay of penmanship, something he had deigned to notice before. The sudden anger that plows through him is violent and unhinged, the thought of his refined mother, his sweet and gentle mother, reducing herself to being an alcoholic through his own supply of money is enough to inspire a frenzied ripping of every paper in his possession. Years and years of love, communication, and connection are torn apart by his scarred and brutalized hands, hands he used to make bleed for the sake of providing something more for his poor mother. 

All for nothing. All for vomit on the side of a wall.

Tears are streaming down his face by the time he is done, left in the ruin of his mother’s devotion for him and the regret breaking apart his heart.

William Cobb had finally become something more than a builder’s son, and all he had to show for it was a drunk mother. He sobs well into daybreak, finding no comfort in the shreds of his past.

The belief in his mother, of comfort, of a true definition between himself and those who squander, seep through his hands like water. He is ruined. His mother has ruined him, in all of his ignorance, he has been ruined. Teaching he had held so close to his heart, so dangerously close to faith and a religion to bathe himself in when the dark grew too black, lay at his feet in scattered shreds of paper and affection.

He is faithless now. He has no beliefs. 

A reverse baptism.

Haly’s Circus performs twice more before leaving Gotham, and though William feels as if a piece of himself is missing, a part of his soul having been devoured, he performs like he always has, putting on a show meant to please the masses with a smile fit to make even the Devil grin back. 

Something that soothes the horrendous ache, however, is the appearance of the red-haired young lady he had spotted in the first show. She comes to each performance, always in the same spot, a seating close to the stage itself and center-right. On the night of their final performance, William makes eye-contact with her again and makes the decision to finally meet her, to introduce himself formally. 

In the decade he has spent with the circus, he has only ever had the occasional fling with temporaries. Never anything serious, and certainly never permanent, but the spark he feels inside of his chest whenever he meets her eyes is something he has never experienced before, and William intends to act on it.

It is as he is bowing that he dares to turn his head towards her, quickly mouthing the words, ‘Wait for me’ before fleeing to the back stage. Anticipation thrums through his veins as he waits for the final act to be done, worry muttering in the back of his head as he prays the young lady understood his words. Once the crowd has dispersed, however, William finds himself jogging around the tent, searching for the red-head he has come to be completely enraptured with.

Standing next to a vendor, William spots her and slows his pace.

“Good evening,” he greets, breathy and nervous.

“Good evening,” she replies back, eyes filled with mirth and perfectly painted lips quirked in a sly smile. “That was a wonderful performance. I quite enjoyed myself.”

“That’s, um, good,” William says, stumbling over his own words.

She seems to understand his struggle, the light flickering in her gaze before taking pity on him and making the first move. She holds out her hand, almost limp, and introduces herself. “My name is Amelia Crowne.”

Without thinking, William takes her hand and shakes it firmly. This seems to surprise Amelia, as her eyes widen before a laugh escapes her mouth.

“William Cobb,” he replies in kind, still grasping her hand in his. Her hands are soft. Elegant. Refined.

Clean.

“I know,” she says back, laughing once again. “I would be quite ashamed if I did not by now.”

“Ah, right,” William mumbles, embarrassed but grinning all the same. “You attend the circus often then?”

“Only when they come into the city. It’s not everyday I get to watch the world famous William Cobb perform. I figured I might as well take advantage of the opportunity.”

It is William’s turn to laugh then, delighted that the connection seemed to be mutual. They walk throughout the circus grounds for some time, dusk quickly overtaking the sky and a full moon rising to meet the stars. William finds himself becoming more and more enamored with Amelia Crowne, her teasing something he can’t get enough of and her smile something he feels as if he would die without. He offers his arm to her at some point and she takes it easily, as if they had been together their entire lives.

By the time she says she must return back to her home, William feels it within his heart to be true.

“May I see you again?” he asks, holding her small hands in his. 

She grins, rubbing her thumb across his palms. “Yes,” she breathes. “Yes, I would love that.”

William leans down, resting his forehead against hers. “When?” 

“Tomorrow,” Amelia answers, “By the old pavilion near Edgard’s Pond.”

“Okay,” he says, standing straight once more and looking into her eyes. “It’s a date, then.”

She nods, attempting to hold back her laughter, and William truly believes it must be fate.

A new belief.

The next day, William waits outside of the pavilion, dressed in one of his few suits and anxious to meet the Crowne who stole his heart in a single night. He doesn’t wait long because there, just across the pond, does he spot her dressed in a green gown that exposes her collar bone and compliments the brown hues in her hair. She sees him as well and waves, and William can hardly contain himself from waving frantically back at her. 

He feels like a young boy again, full of energy and zeal. The connection from the previous night proves to not be a fluke, as once greetings and small formalities are made again, their conversation picks up like they never stopped it. She laughs at his jokes and he scoffs at her insinuations. The sun hits her face in all the right places, William thinks, because he’s never seen such lovely skin nor such breathtaking eyes. 

For hours they talk, forgetting what time is altogether, and before either of them realize it, the sun begins to set once again. They mirror their positions from their first meeting, William holding her hands in his.

“The circus is leaving soon,” he admits. “I don’t really know when I’ll be back.”

“I see,” Amelia whispers, releasing one of his hands to flatten hers against his chest. “You won’t forget me, will you?”

“Forget you?” William exclaims, stooping down to make sure she meets his eyes. “I could never forget you. You’re an impossible woman to forget, Miss Crowne.”

She searches his face for a long moment, a deep green staring into his hazel. A frown tickles at her brows, biting at her lower lip as she continues to study him.

“Everyday,” she starts, a faint pink dusting her cheekbones, “Everyday, you’ll write to me, okay? And I’ll write to you as well. That way, neither of us will forget the other. Do you promise me, Mister Cobb?”

He presses one of her delicate hands to his lips, closing his eyes briefly, before releasing her hand. “I promise, Miss Crowne.”

By the end of the week, Haly’s Circus is moving on to their next destination and William watches through the train window as Gotham slowly disappears from view. He had thought, after that dreadful night full of ripped paper and alcohol, that he would have nothing to return to in Gotham. That the city no longer held anything worthwhile to keep him there, to entice him to come back.

But now, William thinks to himself, looking down at the gifted hairpiece Amelia had given him, Gotham seems to be the only place his heart will ever yearn for.

It is difficult, at first, to court his belle over letters. Every time he picks up a pen and paper, he is reminded harshly of his mother and her demise in his eyes. In a way, it was by his own hand that she fell so far from good graces. He still sends her a portion of his earnings each month, but a bitter part of him regrets continuing to feed the woman he had thought to be the best in the world, only to prove to him that what was left of the Cobbs truly were no better than the beggars on the street. For so long he had held that belief close to his chest, clutching at it in those early years with a resolve unshakable. 

His mother may still be trapped in that unforgivable past, but not him. William Cobb had shaken hands with leaders of the world and had stood where no man of his status had ever stood before. He had elevated himself into high society through his own work and it would take so much more than a decrepit mother and a near worthless father to bring him down again.

He keeps his promise to Amelia with vigor, writing even twice a day when once simply isn’t enough to convey his thoughts to her. She treats him in kind and nearly every day William has a scented envelope to read through and place carefully in bindings so it could never be ruined. He longs to hold her once more, longs to see her striking smile and bright hair. Mister Haly is adamant he stays with the circus, though. 

“You’ve built up a reputation for yourself,” he says to William one night. “Now, you’ve got to work to keep it.”

However, nine months into the tour, William creates a plan. One of their destinations is directly connected to a railway that leads straight into Gotham, a train ride of only three hours between the two stations. Haly’s Circus takes about four days to properly set up, and on the fifth, sixth, and eighth days after, they perform. That gives him about three days to travel to Gotham, meet with Amelia, and still have plenty of time to get back to perform. 

Mister Haly laughs when William tells him his plan, commenting on “youths” and “young-love”, but gives his permission for William to go to Gotham. Elated, William writes to Amelia the next day to tell her of his plan, and when he receives her response back, agreeing to this arrangement, he nearly leaps for joy.

The night before he leaves, Mister Haly invites him over to his trailer. It mimics the same conversation they had a year ago and William finds himself strangely apprehensive to speak with the man. He enters the trailer, sits in the same wooden chair he had before, and Mister Haly just stares at him. The scotch is absent from the scene, and instead, a fat cigar rests in the corner of the older man’s mouth.

“Son,” he begins, taking a long drag and exhaling, “You’ve been with me for a long time, and these have been good years. For both of us. I’m sure it comes as no surprise, but you’ve become much more than just an act I hire.”

William scratches at his elbow, unsure as to where this conversation is supposed to lead.

“I’ve put a lot of my faith into you,” Haly continues, “and you’ve been good enough to return the favor. Will, I’ve never lied to you. You agree with that, right?”

William nods slowly, something curling around in his stomach. 

“It’s true,” the older man sighs. “Trust me on that, my boy. But, I haven’t been completely honest with you.” He leans forwards then, taking out the cigar and staring directly into William’s eyes. “What I am about to discuss with you can never leave this trailer. Do you understand me? I need it out loud,” he demands when William only nods his head.

“Of course, Haly,” the younger man is quick to amend. “Nothing leaves this trailer.”

“Good.” The old ringmaster sits back into his chair, heavy and weighed down. “To start with, I’m not Haly. To clarify, my last name ain’t Haly. My real name is Jacob Barely, but I’ve signed a contract to take on the name of Haly to keep the face of this circus. I’ve worked here my whole life, and the previous Haly offered me this position when the time came. Before you ask, no. He wasn’t a true Haly neither.”

Surprised, but not entirely thrown, William just quirks a brow. “Is that it?” he asks. “Not that I don’t appreciate you telling me this, but this isn’t exactly… earth-shattering. You’re still Haly, by any other name. Names don’t mean much anyhow. You’re still the man I met all those years ago.”

At that, Haly- Jacob grimaces. “That’s only part of it all, Will. See, I wasn’t just offered this position ‘cause I was good at working in a circus. Haven’t you ever wondered where we get the funding for all of this? How this whole name sharing business started?”

The ringmaster takes another drag from his cigar, rolling it around on his lip. “We’ve got these… benefactors, Will, that work with us. They help us scout new acts, find new places to perform, provide us the money to do all this. Sure, we pull in a decent sum but it ain’t nearly enough to do the things Haly’s Circus and Wonders are doing now. Not on our own.”

“Okay, sure,” William shrugs, still not getting the need for all the secrecy. “Nearly every place has sponsors. It’s not a big deal, Jacob.”

The older man makes a frustrated noise, a hand rubbing up against his forehead. “You’re not understanding me, son, so let me put it as simple as I can make it,” he says. “There would be no circus without them. There would be nothing without them. We can do all this, perform, sing, show, act, because of them, and in return, we gotta give them something back.”

Something dark flashes in his eyes as he looks towards William, eyes darting away as soon as they meet. “Like I said, I signed a contract with them, Will. That’s my part. What I gave ‘em back. But you… you’ve made a name for yourself, son. Off of their… sponsorship, no less, and they’ve taken notice. They contacted me almost a year ago, telling me to instruct you on your decision. Now, I’ve been holding back on doing that for awhile, but I can’t any longer. They want an answer, Will. I’ve gotta give them one.”

“I don’t understand,” William says, the clenching in his gut coiling around his rib-cage now. “What decision do I have to make? Why do I have to owe them something in the first place? This doesn’t make any sense.”

“They created you!” Jacob bursts out, cigar falling into his lap. “I told you it was fate we met, Will, but it was a fate organized by them. You and I? This whole place? Nothing. Not without them. They are a powerful group. More powerful than anyone can imagine, and they have pulled a lot of strings to get us to this point. And now I’ve been tasked with getting you to make up your mind, and you’ve only got two options, son. Once you’ve made your decision, only then will your debt be repaid.”

William swallows, mouth dry and mind racing with the implications. “What’re… What’re my options?”

“They’re giving you the same choices they gave me. You can either go work for them, away from the circus, or you can stay here and become the next Haly.”

“What would I be doing, working for them? No, wait, backtrack on that- who even are they ? You keep saying ‘they’, ‘them’, ‘all powerful group’, but who are they? You talk about them like they’re some sort of… God or something.”

“They might as well be for how much influence they have,” Jacob mutters, picking his cigar back up. “ They call themselves the Court of Owls. Don’t ask me how they got that name, I don’t know, but they’ve been around for a very, very long time, Will. From what was explained to me when they offered it, you’d be working as a… Talon for them. A representative of sorts for the Court. The action of their words. The blade in their hands. An executioner in their Court to serve its judgement.”

“And if I refused?”

Jacob looks up at him sharply, that same darkness flooding back into his eyes. “Then you’d have to be a Haly, son. It’s either one or the other, and you can’t pick neither.”

“So, if I decided to be a Haly, I’d just have your job.”

“My job ain’t pretty,” Jacob sighs, black smoke blowing out of his lungs. “Being a Haly is hard most days and what the Court asks you to do… like I keep saying, Will, you can’t refuse them. Even when they ask you to do the unthinkable.”

“You make it sound like you regret your choice.”

“I don’t,” Jacob says firmly. “My choice was a debt repaid and I didn’t have the stomach to work for the Court otherwise. If I had to make the decision again, I’d pick the same thing. Being a Haly isn’t all roses, but it sure as hell beats being a Talon.”

“Then,” William sighs, “I think that makes this a pretty easy decision. If I have to do something for them, I don’t mind being a Haly. William Haly has a nice ring to it, don’t you think?” he tries to joke, amusement fading when Jacob’s face remains unchanged.

“This isn’t something to take lightly, son. What you pick will change your literal fate, your entire life. The Court wants an answer in three months. You’ve got that many days to really think it over, alright?” The old ringmaster lets out a heavy breath, tapping away the ashes on his cigar. “Now, get outta here. Go see that little lady.”

William stands, knowing the conversation would go no further despite his many questions. He opens the trailer door, watching as the cloud of smoke blows out into the cool air. Glancing back, he sees the older man staring down at his hands, lost in thought.

“Good night, Jacob,” he calls.

He doesn’t receive an answer back.

 

The train ride takes only three hours in a straight line, but William’s mind is going in many different directions. The idea that his home, what he’s called home for more than half of his life, might be something much darker than he originally thought consumes him. The additional threat of making such an impactful decision rings inside his head too, wondering what exactly each of the positions entail. Being a Haly doesn’t sound horrible, but there have been many days, even weeks, where Jacob disappears without a trace, only to resurface either haggardly or with a new act in tow, often some run-away he just happened to come across.

It makes William wonder exactly how much of their relationship has been fabricated by this “Court of Owls”. How likely it is that it was just one big coincidence Mister Haly had found him on that street corner. How likely it had been that a thief had picked that exact corner, the slums far behind, to rob the ringmaster. Had that, too, been orchestrated by this “Court”?

It makes William’s head hurt, overwhelmed with the possibility that everything he had ever believed in had been a lie. But, William needed at least part of it to be true. At least a small fraction of it to believe in, like how he used to believe his mother was made for the fancy things in life and that the Cobbs were above beggars.

So consumed in his own head does William not fully register that he’s made it to Gotham. Stepping off the train, he is greeted with the wondrous sight of his Amelia, gorgeous as usual and with a wide grin plastered across her face.

“William!” she cheers, running up to him and throwing her arms around his shoulders. He laughs, swinging her in a circle and returning the hug just as fiercely. “Oh, how I’ve missed you!”

“And I, you,” he whispers back, burying his face in her hair. “Amelia, I have long dreamt of today.”

She giggles, letting go of him so he can grab his bags. “Come on! You’ve got so little time, and there’s so much to do and catch up on.” She takes him by the hand, dragging him across the platform, and William is all too glad to let her.

He checks into a small hotel room, depositing his bags, before Amelia takes him out again, clutching his hand for all that they’re worth. They spend the day wandering and talking, holding each other and basking in the other’s presence. They walk to Edgard’s pond and feed the ducks, and later watch a movie. 

It is over dinner that William takes her hand and stares deeply into her eyes, leaning over the table and whispering into her ear, “I love you.”

She gasps, eyes wide and cheeks pink. When she says nothing for a few moments, William fears he’s been too bold, before she reaches across the table herself and grasps him by the back of his neck, bringing him in for a long kiss. 

“I love you, too,” she finally says, laughing as she wipes off some of the lipstick from her shocked lover’s face. “I was wondering when you were going to say that. It’s about time.”

“I’ll say it a thousand more if only you’ll ask me to, Miss Crowne.”

That night, Amelia does not go back to her home. They share a night of passion in William’s rented room, and by morning, both are too pleased with themselves to worry about consequences. 

He’s staring at her sleeping face when the thought of, This is the beginning of the end for me, intrudes. He shakes himself, unsure where it even came from, and instead focuses on this pure moment between them. He decides to ignore all the other problems in his life for the time being. Ignore the ticking count-down in the back of his head. He embraces his present, and holds his belle closer.

The three days he could spare go by quickly and their goodbye is bitter-sweet. They share one last kiss, whispering to one another, before William separates himself and gathers his things onto the train. He watches her from the window as the train slowly pulls away, and it is yet another parallel to his past. His eyes never leave hers.

Green as the world and pure as its soul.

A month passes by, and William worries himself sick knowing how much of it he’s wasted. He hasn’t got much of it left, hardly sixty days to make a choice he doesn’t even clearly understand. Everyday, he senses Jacob’s eyes on him, the constant reminder that he’s got two choices, and only two choices; one of which he has seen for himself. 

He is constantly weighing the pros and cons of each, between a Haly and a Talon, and though he continues to ask Jacob for clarification, the answer to his dilemma becomes no clearer. Another month passes, and now, he’s on the clock. It becomes so bad, his worry and stress, that Jacob demands he take a break from performing. William agrees to it, knowing he can’t even begin to think about giving it his all until his mind is sound once again. 

And then, one night, Jacob calls him to his trailer. 

William enters on shaky legs and his nerves only intensify when he sees another person sitting in his wooden chair. Their back is to him, face hidden, but Jacob only motions for William to close the door and sit down.

“William,” Jacob says, using his full name for the first time, “this is Mister Cole.”

At his name, the stranger turns around and William audibly gasps when he is met with a faceless, white mask.

“Good evening,” the stranger says. “As Jacob said, I am Mister Cole. I work with the Court of Owls. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you, William. Jacob has told us a lot about you.”

William can’t even nod, gripping the counter behind him in an attempt to steady himself.

“He’s also told us,” Mister Cole continues, “that you’ve been having a bit of a difficult time making a decision on what the Court has offered you. Tell me, where do you struggle?”

Words are hard to form, tongue made of lead, and William can’t speak. His mind has gone blank. It’s real, he thinks to himself, fear quaking his heart. My god, it’s real.

“I understand you’re quite the busy fellow, so I won’t keep you long,” Mister Cole proceeds, despite William’s silence. “So, I’ll explain each role through the Court’s terms. I can tell Jacob’s explanation might have given you the wrong impression on what you’ll be asked to do.”

The unconcealed blow hangs in the air like tar, and William thinks he might faint from its stench.

“If you choose to work with the Court, you will be given the title of Talon. As a Talon, you will partake in meetings of the Court where we decide on how best to run not only Haly’s Circus, but our other causes for the betterment of Gotham and beyond. Our goal, the entire reason for the Court’s existence, is to continue the welfare of Gotham’s citizens and those less fortunate. In a way, to combine the welfare of all. Make things… equal. While you partake in these meetings, you will also be asked to enact the changes discussed and whatever… orders the Court decides to give you.”

“Orders?” William asks hoarsely, finding his voice. “Like a soldier?”

“Oh, much more than just a soldier, William,” Mister Cole chuckles. “I can’t give you further details on that until you’ve agreed to it. Your other option was to become like Jacob here; become a Haly. I’m sure you’ve seen much of what he does, but Jacob’s main job as a Haly is to recruit fellows like you. You see, the Court is always looking for talented and passionate people like you, and the world is just always in short supply. With the persona of Haly, you’ll be recruiting and also taking care of the circus. Maintaining a sort of… face, for not only Haly’s Circus but also the Court of Owls.”

The gentleman pauses, mask impassive and stark. “Do you understand better now, William?”

“Yes,” he whispers, gripping the counter even harder. “I understand, sir.”

“I’m glad to hear it, William. I look forward to working with you, no matter what you choose.”

It’s a dismissal and William can hardly get out of that trailer quick enough. There are so many words ringing in his head, words and phrases he’s heard said to him before, and William feels like he’s about to throw up when he realizes it was Jacob who gave his own mother that same speech a decade ago. Trembling, William falls to his knees, dry-heaving into the dirt.

He doesn’t know what to do.

 

A letter arrives for him a week later. It’s from Amelia and William’s heart sighs in relief when he smells the envelope. It is only a minute later when his heart drops into his stomach, reading the words:

I’m pregnant.

Heedless of getting permission, William is on the next train out of whatever town he’s in and makes a beeline for Gotham. It takes him four days to reach the city, and when Amelia greets him at the station, it is not joy that tightens her brow but worry.

“My love,” she greets, kissing him on the cheek. “I’m sorry to pull you away from your work but-”

“Never mind that!” William interrupts, pulling back to scan his lover. “I couldn’t care less about my work. You’re pregnant!”

Amelia’s hands rush to her stomach, as if covering the evidence. It’s hardly a bump, more looking as if she’s had a filling meal than a child in her stomach.

“My father isn’t happy about it,” she confides in him as they walk away from the platform. “I found out about it two weeks ago when I realized my monthly was late. My father… he, well, he wants to speak to you. To talk about our future.” Suddenly nervous, Amelia begins to fiddle with her hair, something William would normally find endearing but now finds alarming. 

“I must warn you,” she says, “about my father. He has certain… prejudices. None of which I carry, of course,” she’s quick to reassure, “but he’s a very traditional man. And, well, we aren’t even married! The doctors told me I’m already three months along now, and even if you don’t want this child, I do. I know this will be difficult, for the both of us, but I intend to keep this child, William.”

She says it like she is expecting an objection, but as he watches her defiant eyes fix on him, William knows he could never say no. 

“Though I’ll admit this isn’t the best news as of right now,” he starts, “I wouldn’t have it any other way. We’ll get through this. Together.”

Accepting his words, they walk the rest of the way in silence. It isn’t until they pass by an enormous house does William realize they’re in the Garden District.

“You live here?” he asks in awe, gawking as they pass by mansion after mansion.

“Well, yes,” Amelia replies, casting him a sideways look. “It is a generational home, after all. I thought you knew that…”

She doesn’t get to finish her thought as they arrive at the front gate of a refined, white mansion, tall, swirling columns bracing against the outside world as it guards a three story home. A butler, or someone who looks like one, is waiting at the door as they climb the steps, and he takes William’s coat and escorts them down a long hallway. Amelia, William notices, seems to get more nervous by the minute, and her agitation slowly seeps into him as well. 

He doesn’t know why he never bothered to make the connection. Of course the young lady he decided to court was the daughter of one of the most powerful and wealthy men in all of Gotham. For goodness sake, her heritage was in her last name, the wealth at her fingertips enough to make her practical royalty. Of all the Crownes in the world, William had decided on a true child of Gotham.

The butler leads the pair to a large set of doors and knocks twice before opening them at the sound of admittance. They enter an enormous study, a fireplace set off to the side and a maple desk at the room’s center. There, sat behind the rather pretentious desk, sits Burton Crowne, balding and a stoney frown etched into his face.

Unsure as to what to do, William watches as Amelia goes over to her father, giving him a kiss on the cheek and greeting him, before coming back over to stand beside her unborn child’s father.

“Dad,” she begins, a meek smile on her face, “this is William Cobb, the gentleman I’ve been seeing for the past several months.”

“Yes,” Burton Crowne says, low and cold. “The one who got you pregnant.”

An elbow in his side urges William to introduce himself and he hurriedly walks closer to the desk, extending a hand. “Hello, Mister Crowne. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”

The older man sniffs, glancing at the hand briefly before sighing to himself and saying, “Sit down. Amelia, leave us.”

“But father, please-”

“This is not up for a discussion. Leave at once. This is a man’s conversation.”

Worried, but not one to disobey, Amelia shuffles over to William, giving him a quick squeeze on the shoulder before being shown out the door. When it closes behind her, William suddenly feels like he’s been thrown into the deep end of Edgard’s pond. The only problem being he can’t swim.

He’s drowning.

The silence ticks on, Mister Crowne staring holes through William as he tries to maintain a sense of calm and dignity. He feels like he’s been placed underneath a magnifying glass and he’s the bug little boys tried to burn alive. With the heat emanating from the fireplace, it certainly felt like it.

“Cobb, was it?” Mister Crowne abruptly asks. 

“Yes, sir,” William answers, fixating his eyes just below the older man’s lash line. 

“I’ve never heard of that name before.”

“Oh, I see.”

Another minute of silence passes, and William feels a drop of sweat slide down his back. 

“Are you a fan of chess, William?” Mister Crowne asks, hands rummaging beneath the desk.

“I’ve never played it before, sir,” William says slowly, watching as the older man produces a checkered-board.

“It’s such a pure game,” Mister Crowne continues, as if William had never spoken. “Two sides and two sides only.”

You’ve only got two options, son. It’s either one or the other, and you can’t pick neither.

“Light and dark. Black and white.” Mister Crowne glances up at the younger man, who has noticeably gone paler. “Much like this city.”

“I-I’m not really sure what you mean by that, sir,” William stammers, the sweat beading on his forehead dripping down his face.

Jabbing a finger at the board, the wealthy man continues. “The white pieces, which always move first, are the most powerful. They’re the ones who matter in this game. You said you’ve never played chess before, William?”

The younger man shakes his head, swallowing.

“Hm. Of course you haven’t. Which is exactly my point.” William jerks his head up at the sudden tonal shift, leaning back into his chair as Mister Crowne leads forwards over the desk to sneer in his face. 

“I know all about you, William. Born to middle-class heritage. Left without a strong male-figure for most of your life. Gone away to ‘make a name’ for yourself, or some other silly ideal, with a group of carnies and cheats. Making a few bucks only to return to find your wretch of a mother turned alcoholic. I. Know. You, William Cobb.”

Mister Crowne pauses in his rant to stare down at the chessboard sitting on his desk, eyeing the pieces carefully, before moving to sit back into his chair.

“You may have pulled yourself out of the slums,” he scoffs, “but you’re still living in filth. White always moves first, and it will never be done otherwise. The black pieces must wait their turn if they want a chance at victory, but that is hardly ever the case. You wouldn’t know that though, would you?”

William feels as if his throat has had ashes shoved down it, fiery, inflamed, and smoking. It’s like watching a car wreck, too devastating to stare at but too magnificent to look away. 

He always knew this was the beginning of his end.

“A city of light and dark has no middle . It never has, and someone like you, who’s never even touched a board, much less played the game, is never going to change that. There is no gray in chess, William. So,” Mister Crowne says, a smug look on his face, “You’ve got a choice to make. My daughter does not deserve to live in filth, don’t you agree?”

Stunned, William can only nod dumbly. Options, choices, a game to be played. And he’s only got two moves. He can’t choose neither.

“Good. Then I hope you know what you have to do. Good night, Mister Cobb.”

As if in a trance, William gets up from his chair, swaying slightly as he reaches for the brass door knob. Sweat continues to trickle down his back and his fingers fumble with the mechanism, opening the door out into the hallway. He continues to walk, brushing past an awaiting Amelia, who grasps at his sleeves.

“William? What did my father have to say? William? Dear, what’s going on?”

He ignores her though, shoving on his coat and walking out into the cold air. His shoes clack against the smoothness of the pavement, un-cracked and clean of any sort of garbage or other city filth. It is only he who interrupts its serenity.

“William!” Amelia shouts, tugging sharply at his arm, forcing him to stop. “My god, what is the matter with you? What happened?” she adds, softer when she sees the paleness in his face.

“I…” and that’s as far as he gets before something chokes him, an age old sting building in the back of his eyes. He tries to stifle his cries, shoving a fist into his mouth and biting down hard, but they leave his lungs anyway in a fit of hiccups. He’s never cried like this in front of anyone, save his mother, and the humiliation coupled with the recent devastation and stress, leave him weak. 

“Oh, darling,” Amelia soothes, gathering him into her chest, cradling his head to her shoulder. “Everything will be okay, my dear… It will all be okay.”

She holds him for a long time, heedless of the flurries that descend upon them. William remembers Gotham’s winters never being forgiving, a seemingly endless cold and icy bitterness that sets into every crevice and blanket. Even now, he struggles to find warmth in his lover’s embrace, the white of the fresh snow against his black shoes a glaring reminder of what he is and what she has always been.

There is no gray.

“Amelia,” he mumbles, pulling away from her hold, “I… this must end.”

“What?” she asks, confused. “What’re you talking about?”

“This,” he repeats. “Us. We can’t keep doing this. I can’t keep doing this.”

“I-I don’t understand. William, what-”

“I’ve been thinking about this for a long time, Amelia. I can’t keep doing this to you. You, our child, both of you deserve so much better than me. There is no gray in Gotham, my dear. I can’t change that.”

“You’re not making any sense. What in the world did my father say to you, William?”

“Nothing.” William shakes his head, taking a final look at his lover’s- no, his soulmate’s- eyes. It was fate that brought them together, and surely it was fate to force them apart. “He just reminded me of what matters and what doesn’t. Goodbye, Amelia. Please, do not forget me.”

“Wait, stop, what’s happening, William? Stop! Stop right now! Don’t you dare walk away from me, William James Cobb. Where are you even going? Do you hear me? I said stop! Stop! Please, William!”

He continues on though, ignoring her pleas and cries for him. He doesn’t look back and the numbness creeps over his entire body. 

He’s made his choice. 

He’s only got one more left to make.

“Where have you been?”

Jacob is a mess of fury and concern, spittle flying from his mouth as he marches towards a disheveled looking William. 

“A week! That’s how long you’ve been gone! Do you have any idea how worried I was? How worried the Court was? My god, Will, I thought we had lost you! Why, I-I thought you had run off with that Crowne girl and had left the circus for good.”

“No,” William shakes his head, pushing past the old ringmaster. “I’m still here, Jacob. I came back.”

“You can’t be pulling those kinds of stunts, son. It doesn’t look good and you can’t be doing that to an old bastard like me. S’ not good for my heart.”

Jacob had followed William to his trailer and just as he’s about to enter, the ringmaster stops him, tugging at his shoulder. “Now, I won’t ask where you went or why,” Jacob murmurs, “but I’m glad you came back, Will. I truly am, and… well, I’m an honest man.”

William feels the faintest of bitter smiles pull at his cheeks, worn down and covered in salt and stubble.

“I know.”

Two weeks pass and William receives a letter from Amelia Crowne. He stares at it for a long moment, tempted to just throw it away, but the longing for some familiarity in all of his chaos forces him to open it.

It’s an invitation. To a wedding. 

Amelia is getting married to her second cousin at the end of the month. 

For the preservation of our son, she writes. My father thought it best to hide his true identity lest he be scorned by the rest of society. I am truly sorry, William. I think… I believe it’s for the best. I’ll never forget you though. I love you.

It’s a boy. He’s having a son.

William burns the letter.

Jacob reminds him near daily that his time is almost up. A week is all he has left to make his final decision. To decide on the payment for his overdue debt. At the point he stands, William feels as though a coin toss would be the best way to decide. 

Could he live as a Haly? Forget his life as a Cobb? He thinks he might be able to. It sounds so easy. The perfect way out of the miserable hole he’s been crammed into. All he would have to do is find some other little boy to take his place and force the same choice upon him years later. Some other lonely and desperate child, seeking a place where none is to be found. Two options. Can’t pick neither.

Could he do that ? Knowingly let another suffer the same fate as he? William won’t lay a claim to his own selflessness or self righteousness. He’s never been a good person, and he’s never been a bad person. He lies somewhere in the middle. 

The gray.

And then there’s the other option. Become a Talon. A soldier to carry out the word of the Court of Owls, the secret benefactors of society. 

Could he do that? Lead a life of secrecy? Carry out deeds no normal human would consent to, much less agree to partake in? He hasn’t even been told what these deeds would entail, any information allowed to him entirely vague. However, Mister Cole said it wasn’t all he had to do. It wouldn’t be a mindless order and action. He would be a part of the Court. Would get to attend meetings that would decide the very future of Gotham, of its citizens, and even those beyond the city border.

Could William play at God? Play as a servant to a God?

No, no, not God. God wasn’t real. There was no Holy Spirit or Jesus Christ in Gotham. At least, not one caring enough or kind enough to save his long dead father. Not one watchful enough or meticulous enough to prevent his mother from sticking her fingers into the buckets of tar that cover her. Not one loving enough or benevolent enough to save his future, his soul, his belle, his child.

The God that had taken residence in Gotham was truly a cruel one, striking wherever its vengeful hand could reach. It only cared for its true citizens, the ones born underneath its smog filled sky and hateful streets. Amelia was a child of Gotham, blessed with wealth and the knowledge she belonged .

Did William belong? Did he matter enough to belong?

Even the circus, a place he had long felt to be his savior, his home, had been a sham built up as fate and destiny, wrought upon his feeble child mind and shaped into the wretched thing he is today. Mister Haly wasn’t even real, just another unfortunate wreck to have been taken advantage of and squeezed the very essence out of. 

No, there was no God in Gotham and William doesn’t think he wants to play at it. 

But.

But he could change things. He could reshape Gotham. Make it so that there were no borders, no chess pieces, no game to be played. No black or white. It could all be gray. 

A gray where builders are treated with as much guaranteed safety as the managers. A gray where widows weren’t sentenced to poverty and a life without white socks. A gray where little boys could stay little boys and stay with their mothers. A gray where there weren’t any Mister Haly’s or circuses. A gray where a child of Gotham was every child, no matter wealth or status or tradition.

A gray where someone like William would matter.

Would belong. 

His entire life, William has held onto beliefs he thought to be unshakable in their foundation: that the Cobbs lived in comfort; that his mother was made for the finer things in life; that he had built himself up enough where nearly anything was achievable, as long as he put in the work for it and longed for it hard enough. All these things, in all of his ideals and dreams and visions of betterment . 

He had believed in them. They had been his religion, his faith, because in a world where God was cruel and unforgiving, little boys had to hold onto something worthwhile. Had to grasp onto any scrap of goodness, kindness, opportunity thrusted towards them.

And a little part of him was still ten and juggling baseballs, innocent and taking every penny tossed his way, cap out and open to all strangers, all spectators, who came to give him the time of day.

Yes, there was still that part of him, hands outstretched and eyes searching.

William feels the moment the ten year old takes the hands of the faceless onlookers. Feels a strange sort of peace in his heart as the decision is made. 

There is finality and acceptance within him when the twenty three year old version of himself shakes the hand of Mister Cole, still blank, still white, and still impassive. Even as he packs his bags, ignores the hollowed eyes of Jacob Haly, who was really only ever Jacob Barely and nothing more, William feels as if a cool balm has spread over his soul.

He can’t help but wonder if he is a fool for it though.

The months pass by in a terrifying blur. 

Becoming a Talon had changed him on a molecular level, something William had only felt a sort of resignation to. The surgery in which they had planted an “electrum tooth” into his mouth went without any issues, and the two days that followed nearly killed him. Fever, vomiting, a heat so potent in his stomach he felt as if he was being burned alive. There was a night where he believed he had actually died, falling asleep in a fitful blackness that he could almost swear his heart had stopped within. He wakes up in the twilight hours anyhow, only knowing the time by the standard clock in his small room.

He lives underground now, like some rat in the sewers. Albeit, a much cleaner and… whiter sewer. Glittering and nearly blinding white marble covers practically every surface and it takes weeks for William to get used to its scent and glaring brightness, thanks to his new sensitivity.

An Owl, one of his many faceless employers, tells him that the electrum they gave him enhanced his already potent abilities: inhuman strength, sight, hearing, and sensitivity. All of the things they trained him within, and it is during one of those sessions, where he has been tasked with sparring against an “older” Talon, one who had previously been retired, does William discover an unnatural healing ability. 

The other Talon, who denied him a name, slices William’s throat clean through, and though he can’t feel any pain, just the slightest tingle, William stumbles back clutching at his throat as he desperately tries to stem the blood-flow. He can’t speak, the blood gurgling and bubbling out of his mouth, and within ten seconds, black coats his vision and William falls onto the ground, breathless and bled dry.

Time must have passed, not much at all he’s told, when he wakes up still covered in warm blood that has yet to solidify. He gasps, taking in air he doesn’t really find he needs, and gets up on steady legs, feeling, for all the world, completely fine. There is no residual dizziness, no tingles or twangs, and his throat works perfectly fine. Not even a scar marks where the other Talon had cut through him.

That day, William discovered he could die. 

But not permanently. 

A month passes. And then another. Three. Four.

And then the Court decides he is ready to carry out missions. The first one they send him on is “simple”. They gather him within the gigantic dome where the Owls gather for meetings and present to him files and pictures he is to use for the mission.

“A man named Franklin Beth,” one of the Owls says, pointing to a picture of a middle-aged man, balding and with a pointed nose that almost dips to touch his thin, top lip. “The Court has decided that this man can no longer be of benefit to Gotham and its people. We have evidence and several reports of this despicable human kidnapping and assaulting young boys and girls before turning them back out into the streets. Such a monster cannot be allowed to exist anymore. Do you understand, Talon?”

That was another thing. He was not William Cobb anymore. 

“Yes,” he says, accepting the file and feeling his mouth curl in disgust. “As the Court orders.”

“The Court wishes you great success, Talon. You may go.”

He leaves, the equipment and knives strapped to his chest clinking as he moves away. He is led down corridors and then to an open drain, long since out of service. There, another faceless Owl opens a pipe line and he enters, emerging in a dark alley on the borders of Gotham. The address is easily found, the Court having given him a map of updated Gotham, and he waits until the lamps have been burnt out.

Franklin Beth’s death is quick but not painless. He slices the sleeping man’s throat, just as William’s was during his first death, but keeps the cut shallow enough to only sever the vocal cords. The middle-aged man cannot scream and his eyes fly open with an animalistic panic that makes the whites of his eyes gleam in the black.

William is not a good man. The months he’s stayed with the Court, the decision’s he’s made, have proven that.

But William believes he could be. That someday his role with the Court will have amounted to enough scum being scrapped off of the old shoe of Gotham. So, perhaps one day, William will be a good man. 

Maybe, one day, this bad deed will turn him into a good man. That enough bad deeds done with the purpose of making Gotham good again will reflect back onto him. He does it. He kills Franklin Beth and makes sure he dies, watching as white, satin sheets are bled brown. He does it for Gotham. For the Court.

For the promised future of gray. 

He returns successful and the Court congratulates him on a job well done.

It is the beginning. The ending though? William doesn’t know.

He reaches a compromise with the Court. An agreement. 

Even though being a Talon is his debt repaid, William doesn’t think it needs to be a thankless job. In a conversation that happens over an entire month, William manages to work it so that he can be more than just a Talon of the Court. 

“I made this decision because I want there to be change,” he explains to them, head bowed to show his respect despite his request. “Just as the Court wants to see a better Gotham, I too wish to see the same. For too long, Gotham has been divided against itself. If the Court is asking me to be a part of the change, I ask that it will also allow me to take part in its more detrimental meetings. To know what is going on inside and outside of Gotham. I fear that my success will only amount to orders if I cannot be entirely within the Court. Please, let me be more knowledgeable in how to serve the Court of Owls.”

William was never an extremely intelligent person, proper education reduced down to picking up languages on the road and writing to his mother. But, he has the experience and worldly knowledge very few people possess, and he uses it to his advantage. Bargaining is all part of that process. 

Fortunately, the Court agrees to his request and upon further deliberation, they also agree to give William a reward for each successful mission. 

“Newspapers,” an Owl tells him, handing several over. “These will be the knowledge of Gotham you seek. For every mission fully completed, the Court of Owls has agreed to give you one newspaper from each major publishing company. This should be satisfactory for you, Talon.”

William takes them reverently and nods. “Yes, thank you.”

Several more missions are given to him after that and he is handed news of Gotham each time. Months pass and there is enough blood on William’s hands to fill a hundred bathtubs, but William takes solace in the fact that it is the blood of scum and filth. The stains of Gotham.

After the killing of Eric Faulk, who had been sentenced by the Court for the crime of exploitation of the poor, William is handed a newspaper from the Gotham Gazette. On it, a bold title reads:

Crowne heir born; The line continues!

Beneath the headline is Amelia and her second-cousin, smiling for the camera as they show off a bundle of a child, wrapped in several blankets and small, bright eyes peering over them.

Bright as stars.

Bright as-

He’s already in his provided room when he indulges in his frenzy. It begins with him simply throwing the newspaper at the wall, watching the cluster of pages thump to the ground. It continues as he fists a hand into his hair, grunting and heaving, the air in his lungs hot as it passes out from his mouth in great gasps. He tugs and pulls and soon enough there are clumps of his hair in his hands, and he throws that too against the wall. Spit slides down his chin and his teeth gnash together, so consumed in his blind rage and loss he forgets to look human. 

All he has left is the skin he wears to mask the monster beneath it.

He lunges for the newspaper again, trembling and raging and screaming, and William likes to think that if he glares hard enough, the second cousin Crowne will cease to exist and erupt into flames. No, no, it would be so much better to have his blood on his hands, to feel the unworthiness slide between his fingers. 

That was his lover. His child. This man, this creature, standing next to them as if they were his own leaves William blinded.

When he calms down, it hits William then that he has a son. A living, breathing child of his own. Before, it had just been a concept. A fantasy unobtainable. He was not to have any attachment to the boy, nothing to bind someone like a Cobb with a Crowne. But now, in ink, he has proof that a child has been born with his own blood. With the very DNA thrumming throughout his body.

His child. A communion of the very lowest black of Gotham and the very essence of its white.

He doesn’t rip the papers in his hands. He wants to. Instead, he sits on his bed and stares at the picture on the front page. He doesn’t think, doesn’t let the rage overwhelm him again, and ignores the sting in his eyes. Rather, he just stares at what little of his son he can see, taking in his small face, his dainty nose, and what William believes with all of his heart to be his mother’s blue eyes. 

The article says the Crowne’s named the baby James, and William decides not dwell on the fact that his lost lover still thinks of him. Once, she had claimed she did not believe in the old traditions her father did, but he knows otherwise. Knows his love had always been greater for her than her’s for him. Even now, she only thinks of him in passing, giving his middle name to their child that would never know his father.

And he never will.

That night, William writes to Jacob, asking him to meet him on the outskirts of Gotham. Even as he sends the letter, William doesn’t bother waiting for a response. There is no patience nor compromise left within him, not when his son was waiting for him. It is the next night, a Sunday, when William escapes out of the Court’s Labyrinth. Careful to stay in the shadows, William leaves without his uniform on, dressed in the very clothes he came to the Court with. Shabby and ill fitting, he makes do and stalks through the streets of Gotham.

In the year that he has been gone, little has changed. A new church was in the process of being built, an altar already at its center, and even in the strict coldness of winter, William stops and stares at the monument. Irony embedded in its foundation. It will rot. Rot and fester and crumble on the fraud it believes in. 

There is no God in Gotham. Only him. Only the Court of Owls. Only him.

His vision comes to him in bursts, previously staring at an archaic angel and now standing before a great, white mansion with tall swirling columns that seem to reach for the gray clouds in the sky. Snow dusts the scene and falls onto his dull black shoes. He shivers. 

How many more parallels must his life draw before he is rid of this despicable circle? 

The heavy coat around his shoulders does little to dissuade the cold from his body, and though he doesn’t quite understand the mechanics of his new DNA, he knows the cold isn’t good for it. William finds he doesn’t care though. Doesn’t care if his body slows or his heart beats only twice. Meaning left him long ago, only a light to cling to in the shape of facelessness, so it doesn’t matter if feeling leaves him too.

There are no lights on in the windows of the mansion. Shutters and curtains hide any and all movement. William takes no heed to the lack of warnings. He walks up the steps, ice crunching underfoot, and reaches for the door.

It is unlocked.

Uncaring.

Fools.

He enters, walking down the same hallway the old butler had escorted him down once before. How fitting would it be were he to find that old man in one of these rooms? To slice open his neck for the misdeeds he’s done serving the Crowne family and for disgracing William in leading him to his doom? Would the blood that pours be a righteous justice for his crimes, or would it simply be an act of revenge that only carries whispers of the fury inside of him?

It doesn’t matter. 

He passes by the enormous wooden doors that hide the study of Burton Crowne. 

Passes by two more doors he doesn’t care to look beyond. 

Reaches a set of doors with golden handles and turns them, peering into the darkened room. The faint light from a singular lamp gives enough sight to see the form of two sleeping bodies on an enormous bed. They lay on opposite sides, far apart and untouching. William does not have to think hard about who these bodies belong to, for he can already see the red hair splayed across a pillow, a delicate and pale hand resting upon the thick comforter. 

He stares. Blinks. Closes the door.

It doesn’t matter.

He takes only seven steps to reach the second set of doors. He opens them and looks through the dimmed room, an overhead light enough to distinguish what resides within. 

There, in almost the precise middle of the room, in front of what combines an altar and a fireplace, is a crib. He steps closer, flicking on the lights as he does so, and approaches it. Surrounding the crib are numerous stuffed animals of all sorts, soft, plush, and enormous. Evidence of a child well loved and entirely spoiled.

William ignores it though, focusing on the mass huddled at the crib’s middle. 

There.

Three months old.

Wrapped tightly in a green blanket. 

Pacifier falling out of his small mouth.

Eyes staring straight up at him.

Blue as the sky and bright as the stars.

James Crowne.

His son.

He reaches down into the crib, carefully lifting the infant and cradling his head.

“Hello,” he breathes, stunned at the miracle of the child. “Hi there.”

The baby just continues to stare at him, wide eyes taking in the sight of William’s long hair and chilled face. His mother’s eyes pierce through to his soul and the slope of the boy’s nose is a replica of his ex-lover’s. William has never seen anything as enchanting, anything as beautiful and otherworldly than the child he holds in his arms. He weighs next to nothing, almost as if William is holding air, and the soft fuzz that covers the infant’s head is already dark. 

A communion of the richest white and the filthiest black of Gotham.

Gray.

The baby doesn’t make any noise as William begins to walk away, out of the room and down the hallway. He passes by the deranged couple’s room, walks by Burton Crowne’s study, and out of the gigantic doors of the Crowne Manor. He doesn’t bother closing the doors behind him, a snide part of him taking small satisfaction in the hope that the wind blows cold for them and chills their home.

Snow still falls, an icy layer coating the outside world. It blows in his face and flurries cling to his eyelashes. The bitterness reaches the bundle in his arms and the baby cries out, its first noise of upset. William doesn’t bother trying to shush it, continuing to trudge forwards as his son wails and struggles in his grasp.

He leaves the Garden District and enters the lonelier parts of Gotham, full of streets he used to meander down and old stores and bars he feels he’s gone to his entire life. There’s an old drain that still doesn’t do its job right, leaking sewage and rainwater, flowing over the edges. Above him there are signs to window shops and bakeries, battered and hung with old, rusted hinges that squeak in the wind. Icicles reach desperately towards the ground, growing and dripping and clear blue. 

He passes by the church, still just as unstable as he encountered it as. Walks past the angel with open arms, imploring William to give the child over, release him into its awaiting arms. William ignores the angel’s plea, and turns a blind eye to its cries.

It doesn’t matter.

Has anything ever mattered as much as this?

His shoes are soaked through the soles, and though the tread is old, he does not slip or fall, and the infant that still struggles and whines does not leave his grasp. He tucks his child beneath his thick coat, useless for his own benefit but enough to shield the three-month old from the harsh gales. 

In and out, his vision fades, pictures of places he feels like he once knew bleeding away and turning into another past he can never hope to return to. Each step is yet another oath, another pledge to continue forward and sleep in the bed he’s made. 

But surely it’s not just himself who has spread these sheets and fluffed up the pillows. It’s all down to fate, right? A fate handed to him without forethought. A fate intertwined into his very blood, no matter how much of it he drains from his body. There was no going back. From here, it was his turn to construe fate. To build a destiny for another.

He never wanted to be a Haly. It wasn’t a real fate for him to control. 

This child in his arms, however, was a mix of William’s own destiny and the set stones of another. This child was fate. Fate for Gotham. Someone who did and did not belong within its city. Someone who could and but maybe should not matter. If there was a game to be played that he could not win, then it was only fitting to create his own and set forth pieces he could control and shape.

The city border comes into sight, an old graveyard to show an entrance and exit. Above, Gotham Cemetery gleams dully in the winter moon, too dark to understand its sorrow and too cold to find comfort. Perhaps that is why the infant in his arms begins to scream anew, a greater struggle to escape the already sealed fate William has paid the price for. A figure stands at the open gateway to the graveyard and he knows it to be of Jacob’s, a looming presence that was only ever just another puppet to be played with. Yet another string of fate to tie William’s together.

“Dear God,” Jacob breathes, warm breath billowing out into the night air. “Is that- Lord, what’ve you done, William?”

“Take him,” William says, holding out the screaming child. 

The older man takes a step back, flabbergasted. “I’m not taking the baby. Jesus, William, what in God’s name have you done? Who’s child is this? You- you’ve kidnapped somebody’s child!!”

“He is my own,” William replies gruffly, still holding out the wailing infant, the poor child’s ears having turned bright red from the cold. “This is my child, Jacob, and I am asking you to take him. ”

“Yours?” the ringmaster mutters, hand coming up to rub at his face. “I thought-”

“It doesn’t matter,” William interrupts, taking a step closer. “Nothing matters at all, except this child. The very future of Gotham rests with this child, Jacob, and I need you to take him. Raise him. He will change everything one day; mix the black and the white together to create utopia.”

“Now, son, you’re not making a lick of sense. For God’s sake, just hold the damn child properly-”

“No, I am making sense. You're just not aware enough to see the problem even I was blind to before. Gotham is rotten, Jacob. Rotten to its core and cracking at the foundations. Something’s got to be done about it, and this child… This child will be the one to fix it. How can you not see it, Jacob? The black and white must end. ”

“Okay, alright,” Jacob appeases, speaking in a hushed voice, “I get it, William. Here, just- just hand over the baby. Give the child to me, son. There we go. Everything’s fine, William, see? No need to make a fuss over all of…” he doesn’t finish his sentence, not knowing what to make of it all. 

William doesn’t say anything, just stares at the older man cradling the crying infant in his arms. Snow continues to fall, peppering their clothing and melting as it touches their faces. The cemetery is still. There is no angel in sight.

“What’s his name?” Jacob asks, glancing down at the child but unwilling to take his eyes off of the haggard man before him. “You said he was yours. Does he have a name?”

“...ay.”

“Hm? What was it?”

William’s voice is scratchy as he looks away and says, “He is simply the gray son of Gotham.”

“Grayson?” Jacob hums, taking the chance to get a good look at the child in his arms. Frighteningly clear blue eyes stare back up at him, sparkling in his tears. “How fitting.”
Notes:

    So, as you've just seen, I've implemented quite a few of my own headcannons into this work (such as the Haly name being something passed down and not original to each ringmaster). I've also taken liberties in creating a Court of Owls structure. Please also take care in knowing that the Court is *not* good in this AU; it is a corrupt, manipulative organization.
    Rest assured, as well, that there's only one more chapter before we get back to the main Batfam and, more importantly, Dick Grayson!

    Please let me know your thoughts, I would love to see them!

Chapter 8: Alton Carver: The Afflicted
Summary:

    Athazagoraphobia
    noun
    1) The fear of forgetting someone or something
    2) The fear of being forgotten, ignored, or replaced

Notes:

    Alton Carver isn't a well-developed character in the DC Comics universe. I have taken the liberty of creating a backstory for him, as well as characterizing him as he pertains to this story. Also, gentle reminder, this is a somewhat violent story, so there are mentions of *bad things* in this chapter, like gore and a burn victim. Check the tags if you need to

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

1941

Before his mom died, she used to tell him that he was a special kid. With gray eyes and limp black hair, she would look at him and caress the sides of his face like he was made of porcelain and her hands were the cloth that polished it. He remembers looking at her smile and recoiling despite the fact that she was his mother. There was always the smell of tobacco on her breath, bright lipstick to contrast against the yellow of her teeth, but he would bare her touches as she whispered to him that he was a special boy and that she loved him.

She would only tell him these things in the morning, after the bad men left and his mom could take a shower and sleep away their loud voices, but she never failed to do so. Always, always, no matter how rough the men had been the night before, or how hungover she felt, or how scared her son looked, always she would sit by his bedside and whisper to him as she cupped his face.

“You are a special boy, Alton,” she would say, chipped nails bumping against the sides of his ears, “and your momma loves you very much.” 

He wasn’t ever expected to reply, to say he loves her too, and on some level, he’s grateful for that. On another, he regrets keeping his mouth shut because when she doesn’t wake up one morning and fails to whisper to him, he realizes that he’s going to miss her. The fear in his heart prevents him from leaving her bedroom though, trapped beneath the weight of thin blankets and the heavy stench of liquor and smoke. 

He remembers staring at the ceiling, tinged yellow with all the years of nicotine coating them, and praying that the bad men wouldn’t come for her body.

On the fourth day, when the stench of a bloating corpse becomes too much for his nose to bear, he makes himself a sandwich of white bread and a piece of expired lunch meat and leaves. His hands tremble when he opens the door of their small apartment, peering out into the daylight of life and people. No one is around to see him, it is only noon and there are more important things than a disheveled boy with a sandwich, but still his feet drag like lead down the stairs and out into the street. Every rustle of wind, noise of a bird, honk of a car, sends a thrill of terror down his spine.

His mother did not allow him outside much. She said it wasn’t nice and that the people weren’t nice either. He believed her. Still believes her now as he catches the eye of a man in a dark coat and senses the bereavement directed towards him. He wandered for a long time, careful to conceal his sandwich underneath his shirt because food was a prize to many and he intended to keep his own. 

Eventually though, the bread disappears down into his stomach and he sleeps next to a dumpster the first night. It smells better than his mother did but leaves something cold within his chest. At twelve years old, Alton Robert Carver is homeless and starving in the same twenty four hours. He is fear ridden, infested with terror like a dog with fleas, and for a long time, he gets by on dumpster diving and staying out of sight from the numerous people that walk the streets of New York.

And then, a burling man by the name of Haly grabs him one night as he rifles through a trash can. He screams, a more animalistic tone of cowardice than anger, but Haly shushes him with a big hand and takes him by the shoulders into an awaiting car. 

When he realizes the boy is too petrified to move or protest, Haly introduces himself and asks, “What’s your name, kid?” 

There is no reply to his question, but Haly doesn’t seem to care and offers him bottled water as the city lights turn into a blur and give way to lonely roads and flickering street lamps. It is the first act of kindness Alton can think of since his mother’s death and with a trembling hand, he reaches out and takes the offered water, peering up into the jovial, young face of Pop Haly.

Eventually, they reach a big tent with a big sign that reads Haly’s Circus and Alton realizes that he’s found his new home. The kidnapping didn’t matter, nor the bright lights and loud sounds, because now he had a nicer place to sleep than a cold floor next to rotting food. The smells were enormous but at least it was sweet and salty, unlike the sour tang in the air when the bad men came. Haly offers him a place in their “freakshow”, an apprenticeship of sorts if he fits in well enough, and the other inhabitants of the circus are eager to welcome him.

He does not say no and they feed him a rich soup with potatoes that night.

But as time goes on, Alton feels the ebb of fear begin to gnaw at his bones again. Mister Haly is mad at him. He is too skittish to perform in front of crowds, too slow to learn tricks in time for a show, and too timid to interact with the numerous animals. He has no purpose and the panic that grips him at the realization that he may be tossed out and away from his new home takes hold of him in a frightful grip that chokes him.

A young man tries to reassure him, tries to show him the ropes of trapezing in the hopes that a spark will form and Alton will find some relief in its grace, but he is a hopeless boy of thirteen, still struggling to coordinate his limbs properly and speak without his voice cracking. 

“You’ll get there someday,” the young man says, as Alton would later know him as Michael Grayson. “I’ve been with the circus my entire life, and even then it took me some time to get the hang of it all.”

“Didn’t your pa-parents ever say anything?” Alton manages to stutter out, the courage to ask such a simple question immense for him.

“Never knew ‘em,” Michael says flippantly. “What about your folks? They want you to be anything before coming here?”

Alton only shrugs. “My momma said I was special.”

Michael rears back his head in a loud laugh, wiping away invisible tears. “That’s a good one, Carver! Maybe you can figure out some routine with the clowns if you keep up jokes like that!”

Alton doesn’t understand what was funny about what he said, but he chuckles nervously anyway. He’d never considered the possibility that his mother lied to him.

One day, another boy comes along. Pop Haly introduces him to everyone, much like how he did before, and suddenly Alton is struck with the realization that he is going to be replaced by the new boy if he doesn’t do something quick. See, the new boy was funny and athletic and bright. He could understand the flow of conversations that Alton couldn’t follow quite as well, could keep up with The Flying Grayson in his floor routines, and caught on to the numerous tricks and dances of the fire-breathers and bearded ladies and strong men. 

The new boy was truly special and Alton was not.

Despair clogs up his head as the days go by and he watches the other circus people latch onto the new boy like leeches. They love him. They want him. They know he is special, know he is everything Alton is not and they’re going to replace him soon. No, Alton refuses. The wild fear inside of him will not let that happen. He has found his home, found his place, and he will not lose it. His mother loved him. She said so. She said he was special too.

So, in the quietest of nights, when there are no performances left and everyone is asleep in their trailers, Alton crawls his way over to the bedside of the new boy. They share the same trailer, they must because they are still the “newbies”, and he carefully sits next to the sleeping figure. He did not care to remember the name of the boy, Alton fears that if he had he too would become bewitched by his specialness, and for a minute, he simply watches the boy breathe.

In that moment, Alton thinks he understands why his mother called him special. The boy before him is good and pure, not the barest hint of hardship or shame to mar his sleeping face. Alton’s face is already sharp and yellow, he knows this, and there is nothing nice about him. Yes, the sleeping boy is special, but Alton is too. He must- He must believe this. He must or else he’ll be replaced, and he fears that more than anything.

It takes only four minutes to suffocate the boy, a pillow over his face to muffle the screams. Even after his struggles still beneath the fabric, Alton continues to press downwards, the gravity of what he’s done to secure a place in this new home finally looming down on his weak shoulders. He cries when he removes the pillow to see bulging brown eyes, veins burst and splattered across the milky white. Alton sees his mother’s plain face for a second but the tears blur his vision too much to reconsider.

By dawn, there is a shallow grave in the woods a mile away from the circus. The performers greet Alton at breakfast, asking aloud where Patrick is, and ah, that must be him. The special one’s name.

“I don’t know,” he tells them, an easy spoonful of oatmeal in his mouth. “He wasn’t there when I woke up.”

The day goes on with no sign of Patrick, and by the end of it, Michael comes to reassure him by saying, “Don’t worry. People run off all the time when they realize circus life isn’t for them. Glad you stuck around though. I would’ve missed you.”

Alton goes to bed that night happy, knowing he had made the right decision. The fear that gnawed at his bones drifts away as the years go by, the occasional new boy coming along only to run away after a week, never to be seen again. Each time, the performers tell him they are glad he has stuck around this long. Alton is glad for it too. By the time he is sixteen, he had finally found his passion in the circus. Sword tricks, knife throwing, he has found his niche and loves the performance of it all.

The blades are a comfort in his grasp, something he can toy with when the terror of tomorrow becomes all too much and he feels the need to flee lest his crimes be uncovered. Sometimes Pop Haly looks at him strangely, eyes following his movement across the tents, and a frightened whisper in the back of his head tells Alton that Haly knows. He tries not to dwell on it. After all, he is a freak in a showcase of freaks. He is also a performer, meant to become a wild sort of entertainment for the bored people of the world. 

He has his place. His position. His role in this family of weirdos and misfits. People would miss him if he were to leave, and he loves the screams of the audience when Michael and his wife fall from the air only to catch themselves at the last moment. The screams have become his lullaby, and the muffled cries of new boys under pillows are his afterthoughts only. He belongs here. His mother was right. He is special. He is loved. He is wanted and nothing, no one in the world, could take that from him.

He gets his own stage name, Carver the Carver, and in time, Haly lets him have a brief solo performance where he tosses up several strange objects, ranging from a rubber duck to a brick, and chops them to bits in the air with a sword Haly had purchased from somewhere. It’s a sideshow more than anything else, but the children are fascinated with the way his sword flashes in the air, with the way objects just crumble at his feet, and Alton soon begins to dream of their cheers of appreciation and revels in it. The pieces that fall at his feet are confetti and the yells of awe are his anthem. Alton lives and breathes for those screams of adoration, even as his hands tremble beneath the sweltering light and his breath stutters when he sees the crowds.

As with everything else, Alton learns to embrace and accept the fear that pulses in his veins. He must or else another new boy will come, and Alton will not allow that.

A day arrives where Haly asks Alton to come to his trailer. He needs to discuss something with him. Alton arrives that night, anticipation quivering in his veins because perhaps tonight's the night where he finally gets outed for his crimes. Where Pop Haly tells him that he’s no longer welcome, that this home he’s built with a family that could never truly want him is kicking him back out onto the streets where he was first found, alone and hungry and unwanted and terrified. 

But when he knocks on the thin door, a tap of one-two-three, it isn’t Haly that answers but someone in a smooth, white mask. The expanse of it is intimidating, two small holes cut out to explore depths unseen for the eyes, and Alton is already shaking and stepping away from the figure. He is a teenager of seventeen, still trying to properly shave and control his hormones, and whoever it is that is blocking the entrance of Haly’s trailer is wearing a clean and trimmed suit and is a pressing figure that exudes confidence and control. They are his antithesis and Alton knows, with every weary fiber of his being, that they are wanted, needed, and that they are special.

“Carver!” a deep voice booms from inside, the fat figure of Haly peering over the shoulder of the stranger. “Get in here. We need to talk.”

Alton’s eyes dart from the impressive stature to the slumped one of the man he’s known practically his whole life, but his feet remained glued to the grassy dirt. He cannot move. His heart beats too loudly and his blood glows too hot. Finally, the masked stranger steps aside and deeper into Haly’s dark trailer and with minuscule and frightened steps, Alton follows in after. He is told to sit down and occupy one of the plastic chairs that sits around the impractical table stuffed inside a smelly kitchen. He does so. Alton is suddenly hit with a sense of deja vu.

White bread. Lunch meat. A rotting body.

Haly lights up a cigar. It looks expensive. “Alton,” he begins, sucking in a long drag, “this is Mister Karly. He’s been working with me and the circus for a very long time, so you best treat him with respect. Got it?”

Alton feels his head bob stupidly. The smell of Haly’s cigar is soothing in a way. Familiar. 

“Good evening, Alton,” a smooth voice interrupts the quiet. “As Haly said, I am Mister Karly. He tells me that you are skilled with swords?”

Alton decides that he doesn’t like looking into the blank mask and void eyes. He stares down into his lap instead. “Yes, sir. I do a show for ‘em kiddies when we perform. Just, um, toss some stuff up in the air. Cut ‘em up with m’ swords. That’s all, sir. Gets a rile outta ‘em.”

“Well, I’d say that’s quite nifty, Alton,” the man praises, and something inside the boy preens at the attention. It was a different kind of warmth than the fire that lights up inside of him when the crowds scream. “Actually, that’s why I’m here.”

Alton’s eyes glance up to catch the gaze of Haly’s, his mouth lifting in a grin that isn’t quite genuine. It almost looks… cruel. Like those bad men from all those years ago when his mother would ask them not to go into his room when he slept.

“The people I work with have been looking for a new, hm, how should I phrase this, a new star for our show,” Mister Karly says. “Haly mentioned you and it sounded like real promise. What do you say, Alton? How’d you like to come work for us?”

“Us?” he echoes, completely lost. Was he- Was he being abandoned? “Pop? What’s he mean by all that?”

Haly doesn’t answer him.

“It’ll be good for you,” Mister Karly continues, voice inflecting but mask remaining unaffected. “You’ll be loved by everyone there and our past stars can teach you how to properly work for us. Of course, there will be an adjustment period and there will be rules to follow, but I’m sure you’re an agreeable boy, Alton. The Court has been quite eager to meet you. We are impressed with your initiative.”

“Initiative?” Alton says faintly. He doesn’t understand.

“They know, boy,” Haly rumbles from his spot, blowing a cloud of smoke to sit heavily in the air. “ I’ve known about it all since the day Patrick left us. Mister Karly here was real tickled about that. How many ‘ave you gone through? Four? Five?”

Alton feels the blood drain from his face like rain seeping into clay and suddenly, it’s very hard to breathe. The smoke is no longer familiar. It smells like the bad nights. The bad men. His mother’s breath.

“It don’t matter much,” Haly says, comfortable in his too small chair, “and as long as you don’t go squealing, you’ll have a grand time with Mister Karly and the Court. Why, I’m sure you’re made for it, Carver.”

The blood that went missing in his face is all collected in his ears now, so Alton can hardly hear whatever it is Pop Haly is saying to him. It’s all a load of nonsense, what else could it be after all?, and all Alton wants to do is go back to bed. He still can’t breathe very well and his head feels heavy. It must be all the blood that’s clogged his ears. The roar is distracting.

“I-I don’t feel very good,” he mumbles, standing on shaking legs and knocking knees. “I’m gonna go. Ex-Excuse me, sirs.”

“Now wait a minute-”

He doesn’t listen to the rest, too absorbed in making it to and out the thin trailer door of Pop Haly, world renowned ringmaster of Haly’s Circus and Wonders. The horror at being discovered, the pleasant surprise at being accepted despite it all, leaves his stomach churning and his tongue fuzzy. Something tingles at the back of his throat and Alton wants nothing more than to throw up. Or maybe leap for joy. No, all he wants to do is hide in a corner. But he’s also-

The grass is cold beneath his feet, he’s not wearing shoes, no need to really when the ground is always soft and covered in hay, and his breath lingers in the air as he runs to the safety of his own lonely trailer. He doesn’t hear the rest of the conversation between the two adults—

“That boy is a tickin’ bomb waiting to blow up. He’s too rattled.”

“Give him the night to think about it. He’ll come around eventually. They always do, Haly. No need to get so startled.”

“No, no, this one’s different. Skittish. He’s goin’ to rat us out and then where’ll I be? I’ve got people to feed, performances to keep, Karly. I can’t have that boy blabbering to this whole fat city.”

“He won’t.”

“Yeah, he won’t. I’ll make sure of it.”

“Now, don’t do anything rash-”

“I’m not stupid. If the boy survives, you can have ‘im. If he doesn’t, then it’s just an unfortunate accident. I’ll get another boy later.”

— but he still has trouble closing his eyes for more than a few minutes at a time. Sleep eludes him, as do dreams, and it’s all Alton can do but to count the beats of his heart as he stares into the blackness of the ceiling. At some point he must drift off into the quiet dark because he’s suddenly jerking awake, and there are flames licking at his bed sheets and howling in his ears.

Layers of sweat cling to him, and there is ash and harsh, heavy smoke collecting in his lungs. The taste of it coats his tongue in a way that makes him want to vomit, and acidic tears well in his eyes as he struggles to make out anything in the smoky room. Alton feels himself choking on the air, too filled with the remnants of his collected things and all that he owns, and his feet flail in their attempts at unraveling the sheets from his body, entrapping him to the confines of his lumpy cot. When he finally manages to get rid of the covering, and his feet touch the floor, he screams in pain-filled surprise as the searing metal scorches his feet. For one wild moment, Alton is leaping upwards into the air, towards the source of destruction, and he feels the flames scorch the top of his head. 

There is no reprieve from his torture though as gravity does what it always does and sends him crashing back down onto the metal floors of his trailer. Again, the blistering heat shocks him and his knees buckle under the pain, sending him forward and tumbling onto his hands and knees. Another shriek is building in the back of his throat, but Alton suddenly finds that he has no breath left to scream with and all that escapes him is the violent realization that he’s going to die and burn to a crisp. His skin is raw and bleeding, the heat blistering and sealing his wounds in a matter of seconds before burning through it all again. Red, orange, and white flicker in his peripherals and catch onto his clothes, the nape of his shirt suddenly an iron that’s been left on and pressed against his neck.

His ruined palms scramble to pull off the article, touching and barely feeling the fiery cloth, and it catches into his hair, pulling and tugging against the limp black follicles his mother used to stroke so lovingly. 

He was foolish to ever think he might’ve been special.

The shirt is off of him now, thrown aside to continue the feeding frenzy that only devours him more, and Alton is blindly groping now, numb fingers and burning, blistering, baking arms and legs searching for any sort of relief. Any sort of exit, a way out of this hell he’s found himself trapped in. The flames have finished off his hair now and are eating away at the thin skin that protects his skull, more still coating his raggedy pants and back. He can’t feel any of it, only brief twinges that make him want to puke out his insides and fall asleep forever, but his hands continue to search unseeingly through the thick smoke.

He feels a door. Feels a handle. Turns it. It won’t move. It won’t budge.

“Haly!” he finds himself wailing. “Haly! Haly, help me! Help! I’m burning, god, I’m burning!”

His voice must not be loud enough, and the door continues to be immovable. Permanent. He shakes at the worn handle desperately. It sears into his flesh and copper stains the plastic. Is it melting in his hand? Is his hand melting? Are those his fingernails?

“Michael,” he tries instead, desperation coating each syllable. “Michael, please! Please! Anyone! Someone!”

The flames kiss him sweetly, melting his cheeks and caressing him ever so gently just like his mother used to do with her chipped nails and soft, soft hands. She was so nice to him. He should’ve told her he loved her. She deserved that much at least. He doesn’t know why he did that to her, doesn’t know why he does the things he does. He misses her. So much.

“Mister Karly!” Alton howls. “Mister Karly! Help me! I wa-wanna go with you! I wanna g-go home! Mama! Mama! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, please help me!”

White coats his vision, burning through his lashes and sizzling into his eyeballs, and Alton wonders if there is a God out there. If places like Heaven and Hell really exist. Where he lived, no one really bought into the idea of religion. It was just another trick to make people happy. It was no different from what he and the show of freaks he traveled with did. In the end, the goal was to make people happier. Better. It was the same, wasn’t it?

If Alton’s wrong about that, he’s almost sure Hell couldn’t be worse than what he’s been through, as Heaven is surely too good of a place for the likes of him. He wonders if his mom was good enough to get into a place like that. Wonders if Patrick had it easy after he died. Wonders if all the other new boys, and acts gone wrong, like it up there at all. Maybe they were watching him right now, laughing amongst themselves and whispering, “Karma, karma, karma”. But surely, surely it must be better than this, surely it must-

The handle moves. The door opens. Alton falls out onto cool, grassy dirt and cries as the flames bubble his flesh and char his bones, blackening, twisting, killing.

A roach skitters across the ground and seems to stare into Alton’s plain eyes as he gags on his own tongue. Brown and sleek, the roach’s antenna twitch as it observes Alton’s skin twist and pop, shriveling in on itself, and for one blistering moment, Alton feels a hatred unlike any other for that roach. He’s too good to be looked down upon and yet the roach stares at him like he’s nothing, like he’s trash, like his burnt body wasn't even worth it to be scavenged and fed upon. Like he’s not special. 

He hates the roach with everything left inside of his smoldering body.

He doesn’t remember what happens after that.

. . .

“Is he still breathing?”

“Yeah, somehow. For the better part of an hour now.”

“Well, I’d say that’s it then. What do you say, Haly? Have we got ourselves a deal?”

“If you want a half-cooked kid, by all means take him. Can’t imagine how you’re gonna keep ‘im alive though.”

“Oh, no need to worry, my good man. The Court has our ways. As always, it’s a pleasure. We look forward to the next meeting. Perhaps that Michael fellow? He is having a boy isn’t he?”

“Grab the kid and get out of here, Karly.”

“Do let us know once the child begins to show potential.”

“Get out!”

“Good night, Haly.”

1954

The weight used to feel heavier. 

The weight of these knives strapped to his chest. The ones in his hands. The hood on his head. The goggles. The boots. The belts. The things his hands and knives do to people. His actions.

He got used to it though. Now, they weigh nothing. Feather-light. Air. Nothing.

The blood is just barely warm. It used to burn, red hot and scalding, a familiarity that accompanied the scars that cover his body. The life cools on him now, a brilliance against the chill of his skin.

He’s not usually this messy. Never sloppy, no, he’s not some amateur who loses himself in the process. There was something different tonight though. A change that only hums in the back of his skull and buzzes beneath the roof of his mouth.

Alton was excited. 

It had been many months since he had last been put to work, given a mission, and this new order had been just what he had needed. Desperate for it practically. He has no shame in saying that. The Court knows what he wants, what he needs, and they always provide. 

They are benevolent like that.

So, when the mark had turned around and Alton had slashed his vocal cords, it had merely been because of the reward he was already eagerly anticipating. 

There was a splatter, as there always was when he goes about slashing thin throats so roughly, and it had splashed across his goggles. Alton did not bother wiping it off. He appreciated it. Liked showing the Court that he was capable and talented enough to get away with this kind of foreplay and still be successful, ever dutiful to those he served.

“Senator Garvey, The Court of Owls has sentenced you to die,” is what he said as the man laid on his back, hands blindly scrabbling to hold together flaps of flesh and exposed valves. There was no point, truly, and Alton sometimes pitied the hopeless that tried so hard, but he was much too excited to really have much feeling towards Mister Garvey and his predicament. He was just a mark, a means to an end. 

A means to Alton’s reward.

The Court had not given him any special instructions other than ensuring the man’s death. There was no need for brutality or to make a display of the man. This man had not wronged the Court, nor betrayed their alliance. The senator’s use had expired, and that was all.

However, Alton wanted to savour the build-up. Bask in these moments. He could already hear it. Already imagine his prize.

The man is choking on the ground, a strange half gargle or wheeze sputtering out of him as air struggles to find lungs that aren’t flooded with his blood. Already his face is purpling, lips swollen and vessels bursting. His eyes track Alton, a wild sort of fear echoing in chasms of roving white and brown.

Unremarkable.

The same knife is still loose in his hand, dangling, and Alton stoops down to get closer to the man’s face. Mister Garvey can only hold his breath for so long, only attempt to stem irreversible bleeding for such a time, and Alton watches in almost morbid fascination as the light literally drains from his un-astounding eyes and leaves his chest still.

As he always does, Alton ponders for a moment what it must be like to die. Permanently, that is. Of course, he’s died numerous times. Throat slit open like Mister Garvey’s. Organs yanked from his cavities and arranged by color on white marble. Skull bashed in until his brain leaked from his ears. Drowned. Hung. Starved. Bled dry. Bones pulled out of his skin, muscles shredded, ligaments stretched and squeezed. Many, many things he has died from, but always he opened his eyes once more to continue on.

It is interesting to know that he can die but still live.

When Mister Garvey’s eyes glaze over and his heart stops beating, Alton takes the knife in his hands and shoves it through the senator’s forehead. The Court could not afford a miracle resuscitation, so it's all routine. Overkill, perhaps, but included nonetheless.

Mister Garvey dies near his desk, having toppled out of his cushioned office chair when a Talon appeared before him, and Alton stands up and plucks one of the senator’s business cards out from a placeholder. It’s slightly laminated and it catches the dull street lamps rather nicely. He twirls it between his fingers for a bit before deciding he has lingered long enough, and smears the shiny business card over Mister Garvey’s gaping throat.

Alton pockets the bloodied card and leaps out from the window into the dark night.

He counts the seconds and minutes it takes for him to get to the correct tunneling system, the proper entry way where the blonde Owl checks him in and allows him to proceed inside the Court Room. He passes by the great Owl carving, decadent and radiant in the false light, and Alton feels himself reminiscing about his trial days where he was freshly revived and covered in burns, sores, and oozing blisters. 

“Talon,” a bald Owl greets him. “How does the Court fair tonight?”

Alton bows low, careful to keep even the reflection of the Owl out of his lens. “The Court of Owls fared well tonight. Its Talon has struck true.”

Grand doors open at his answer and Alton steps forward, a brilliant grin stretching across his pale face as he takes in the noises and sounds of the Owls gathered. It will truly be everything.

Reaped and taken. 

He takes thirteen steps, the exact amount required to reach the center of the great dome, and stands perfectly still. His dark and golden uniform stands out bitingly against the stark white and Alton loves it.

This is his spotlight. All to himself. No longer in the limelight. His and his alone. 

“The Court of Owls is assembled,” a masked face speaks up from the crowd. Alton doesn’t look up, but he knows they stand directly above him behind a tall podium. He is sure, beneath the white mask, the Owl is unremarkable. “Tell us, Talon, are we gathered for naught?”

Alton feels his lips cracking as his fingers deftly pull out the thin card from the depths of his pockets and holds it above his head. The blood has coagulated and a singular, thick drop rolls off one of its corners, smacking against the clean marble by Alton’s feet.

“The Court gathers in success,” Alton says, breaths quickening as he hears chairs begin to shift and fabric rustle. It’s coming. It’s coming. “Your Talon does not fail.”

There is a moment of crazed silence as his heart beats in his ears and he waits. Waits . And then-

“The Court of Owls is pleased,” the same Owl proclaims, a lilt of true appeasement leaking out of his voice. “We thank you, Talon, for your faithfulness. A reward is becoming of you.”

Finally, finally, chairs shift and Owls gather to their feet and raise their hands, cupped in such a way and fingers curved just so as hands pound against one another and reverberate and echo solely for him. 

It is loud. Deafening. Euphoric.

Appreciation. Love. Gratefulness. Company. Impressment. Benevolent. Monumental. Prideful. Staggering. Fantastical. Amazing. Great. Best. True. Hopeful. Awe. Overwhelming. Everything. Yes, that’s the one.

It is everything to Alton. 

And what he had to do for it, well.

It is nothing to him.

1980

Nine thousand four hundred and ninety days. Ninety one, starting today.

The number is big and grand and it feels good. He’s sure he’s been in service longer but sometimes, when he’s not working, he loses time and the world turns a strange mix of blue and gray. That lost time doesn’t matter much though. Not in the wake of his successes and the largest number that’s ever been recorded by the Parliament. Ever.

The thought rolls around in him like a flaming ball, seeping into every bone, vein, follicle, pore, and cell inside of him. He is greatness. Truly, this is the Heaven he thought he’d never see all those years ago, and if it is Hell, then he wears his shackles with pride and freely shows them off to all those who question it. It’s not imprisonment if you love where you are. It could never be Hell when you are serviced by all the devils and demons there are. 

Is that unfair of him, to call his benefactors and employers demons? He supposes it depends on what one considers to be a demon. Is a demon a creature with red skin and horns? A deprived ideology searching for excuses for the way in which the world turns counterclockwise? Or is it simply those who oppose? Those who go against the grain, leaving trail marks where none had been left before? Alton thinks that would make him a demon too then. He has blazed a path through all of Hell that none other could dare dream to touch.

Twenty six years and one day. His name will be looked upon with reverence, with awe, disbelief, horror. His name alone, Alton Carver, will be the ultimate goal for all those who come after and even those before. They will know that he is the standard. He is the exception. He. Is. Special. 

And that’s all his mother ever really wanted for him.

“The Court appreciates your service, Talon, but the time has come for your retirement.”

What?

“You have served the Court well, and for that, you will be rewarded.”

What’s happening?

“Instead of dispelling your usual treatments, we have decided to place you into cryogenic containment. You will be awoken, in time, to help train your successors, but for now.”

The massive hall shifts, masked figures standing up, pushing back chairs, plastic and rubber shoes echoing throughout the chamber, and all eyes are on Alton. All those hidden faces, voided holes that stare straight through him, as if he is nothing, never anything, turn towards him.

“The Court thanks you for your service.”

A roar of applause meets his ears, and for a moment Alton is thrown back in time, all those years ago, where he tossed knives in the air and little children clapped and screamed in delight at his tricks. The applause that bounces off against the great hall is clinical though, measured and without excitement, as if it is merely standard procedure. Alton is used to this, it is the welcome he gets when he returns from a successful mission, but never before has the grandeur felt like a sentencing. Never has it felt so empty.

He is kneeled before them, centered and placed in the middle of the massive dome as if he is a bug under a magnifying glass, and his scarred head bows before the masses. Externally, he is the perfect picture of calm. Of obedience. Of acceptance. On the inside, he is screaming. Screaming and raging and how could they? After all these years? What happened? What did he do to force their hand like this? Is he not…

He is still special, right?

Nine thousand four hundred and ninety one days.

“Rise, Talon. Your rest is deserved.”

No, he will not have this. Not after all these years. Why? Why?

“May I speak freely to the Court?” he asks, eyes still carving a crater into the marble flooring. It is aged with scuff marks and copper stains, but the shine of the stone still allows reflection. He sees a boy cast aside and bereft. Trash.

There is quiet deliberation above him. Whispers that even with his unnatural abilities he cannot interpret. He is granted permission.

Alton rises, eyes still transfixed to the dull rock below his feet. “What can I do to make things right once more?”

“What do you speak of?” an Owl calls down to him. Feminine. Alton still does not dare raise his gaze to find the voice.

“Forgive me,” he says, unable to keep the tremble from his words, “but it is to my understanding that this is a punishment. What can I do to atone, to please the Court again?”

“We do not seek to punish,” the Owl answers. “You have simply met your expiration, Talon, and the Court rewards your dedication by preserving you. You should find satisfaction in this.”

“Who will come to serve you, then?” Alton cries, desperate and no longer controlled. “Have I not been faithful, successful, in all my actions towards you? Have I not done right by the Court?”

Murmurs begin to rise out of the gathered masks, the echoes of applause, of thanks, now far in the ghosts of sound and memory. They are angry. They are disappointed, and Alton speaks too freely.

“This is not a deliberation,” a new voice answers. “You are sentenced to retirement, effective immediately. Your predecessor is now Talon under the Grandmaster’s command and you are no longer needed. Do not take the Court’s generosity for granted.”

“And who has the Grandmaster appointed? Who- Who replaces me?”

He is met with the snapping of fingers, and Alton flinches back at the noise, sharp and deliberate. 

The thing is, Alton knows he is not being punished. He knows this. The Court does not do things meaninglessly, never has a decision been made just for the sake of making one, and he knows their true intentions. The Court does not lie. They never do. So Alton knows it is true when they say he has reached his expiration. Twenty six years is a long time, more than double what a normal Talon works and lives for. He has long outlived his expiration date. He is still perfect, still the flawless executioner and messenger of the Court, but he is also old. So very old for a Talon of his skill, and the Court does not like old things. They love the new and the shiny. The capable and strong. The fast and the steadfast. The reliable.

Alton Carver is nearing fifty years, and that is too much for the Court, even if he still has the body of a twenty year old. Electrum can only do so much to fuel a body. If the mind is not equally as sharp, as equally as strong, then expiration comes quickly. Just as he replaced the Talon before him, another shall take his place.

But Alton is not ready for that. He is not ready to be replaced again . He fears the day where he is no longer useful more than he ever feared death, than he ever feared the heat of flames, than he ever feared his own mother. And yet his fears come to life as a mirrored, uniformed figure stands before him on an equal level of that of the Owls. 

The new Talon stands above the old and Alton finally realizes that it has been a long time coming. 

“Alton Carver,” the new Talon says, slow and precise and indifferent, “The Court of Owls has sentenced you into retirement.”

Hearing those words repeated back to him, similar words he has uttered hundreds of times with the secure knowledge that he is the favored one and, in that moment, also fate, feels like betrayal of the worst kind. A treason so high that Alton can feel the cusp of his blood pressure cresting, mind a deadly calm, and the itch to enact a severe treason just as justified as the one befalling him. He has never been anything but loyal to the Court. Never questioned any of their decisions. He owes them his life and in return they serve him and drown him in praise and applause and with the recognition of his talents. 

“Give over your weapons,” an Owl orders, “and find resolution that you will be woken again one day to continue to serve the Court. There is no greater privilege than this, so take pride in your preservation. It is not often we make exceptions such as these.”

This is a black stain. This is a take-back. A return. He is not an item to be used and discarded. No. He is special. Unique. The only one to have ever lasted this long. He will not fool himself with the thought that he is going to be permanent, nothing is, nothing will ever come close to permanency except the Court, but of course time plays him for a dunce. Nothing ever lasts. No, he was not meant to last.

And that burns him more fiercely than the fires that led him here.

“I accept,” Alton finally says, voice the perfect pitch of conformity, “and I thank the Court for their generosity. It was my complete honor and regard to serve the Court of Owls, and I will await the day the Court finds purpose in myself once more.”

The new Talon, his replacement, scales down from his perch besides the Owls, appearing before Alton. The uniform is different from his own, but the only true variation is the lack of knives that cross against the armored chest plates. The knives that adorn Alton’s own.

“Relinquish your weapons.”

Alton’s hands do not shake as he unclasps the leather pouches and plucks the sheaths away one by one; he is much too good to tremble, much too trained to shake or show weakness. Even as he hands them over, watches as the new Talon attaches them to his own being, Alton does not move. Hardly dares to breathe.

“Who are you?” Alton whispers, knowing the echo could not possibly carry his voice above. “Tell me.”

“Xiao Loong. I serve the Court. It is my duty.”

The only noise for a moment are metal buckles and edged clinks.

“I will be back.”

Xiao says nothing to that, head turned downwards as he finally secures the last pouch. He wears his mask completely, with glazed, yellow lenses hiding what Alton is sure are unremarkable and unintelligent eyes. Alton himself is maskless, hairless features open to the scrutiny of all. 

Xiao slowly raises his face to meet the unabashed and naked stare of his predecessor. “I pray so.”

Alton is not given enough time to truly process those words, to understand that there are not many Talons that love the Court, that need the Court as much as he does, before Xiao turns away and crawls back up towards the Owls’ perch. The new Talon is strange in his movements, lengthy and lethal all the same, but he can see he was not trained as Alton was. Yes, Alton can tell. Xiao will not last long. 

Vindictive satisfaction at that realization settles into Alton’s bones, even as he is led down, down, further down into the labyrinth that is his home. His replacement will not last long and soon the Court will realize that he is the true Talon, the true champion of the Court. Even as his coffin door is swung open and the resident Owl of the chambers appears beside him, Alton welcomes the cold, the finality of his rest. Yes, soon he will be woken. Soon, he will be permanent once again. 

For once, the cold does not burn.

2005

He froze with his eyes open. He’s not sure why he did since he can’t register anything whilst in cryo. The damage means little to him as his eyes will heal in less than thirty minutes, so Alton supposes he just likes the illusion of alertness when he is far from it.

He’ll never admit this, not to anyone, never to the Court, but a part of him is still scared of the dark. Not a childish, primal fear. Just. Scared.

All of this to say, when they pull him out of cryo, his eyelids are frozen open and his limbs are near solid masses. They let him fall to the ground, landing into a plank with no supports, and that jars him enough to begin the thawing process. He doesn’t necessarily produce his own heat, but he’s never fully understood the transformation that claimed him so long ago anyway. He is cold, all of the time, but it’s not bothersome. His heart beats, he creates and pumps blood, but there is nothing life like about it.

He just is.

“How long has it been?” he asks as soon as he can move his tongue properly.

“When were you retired?” an Owl he’s never seen before replies. They sound young.

“March, 1980.”

“It’s 2005 now. So that’s, hm, twenty-five years then. Yeah.”

Alton feels the world jerk to a stop. Twenty …. twenty-five years? Xiao was used for twenty five years? Him? Someone as unremarkable and untalented and plain and undeserving as him was, was—

How? Why? 

“I am to be of service to the Court once again?”

“Temporarily,” a woman beside him answers. They are walking down a very long corridor. It is towards the training room, a secluded area full of drafts and many, many drainage grates necessary for their work. “You’ve been brought back for an emergency.”

“Emergency?” Alton echoes, still reeling from the fact that he’s been frozen for twenty-five years. Replaced for twenty-five years. A quarter of a century. That’s how much time he’s lost. How, god, what does the outside world even look like now? That’s enough time for an entire rotation of the Court to have occurred. No wonder he doesn’t recognize either of the Owls that walk in front of him. They sound… They sound so young. So different. 

“Yes,” the Owl who first awoke him answers. “Unfortunately, a newly recruited Talon went rogue. The Grandmaster has decided that you are able enough to complete the rouge-Talon’s previous mission.”

“The Grandmaster called for my service?” Alton asks breathlessly. Does this mean he is good enough, no, great enough to be recognized by them? The Grandmaster is not someone easily called upon, nor do they appear often or give direct orders, so for them to have, to have called upon Alton specifically… That meant. That meant. 

“Your services will only be required until the next Talon is ready,” the woman promptly answers. “Gray Son will be acquired in a few years time, and then you will be retired permanently. This is only temporary”

The words ‘ next Talon’ echo in Alton’s mind as he is finally brought to the gear room, strapping his old weaponry and uniform on without hesitation. Already, he is being planned for replacement. Outdated and underused. Tossed about casually and with a flippancy that rivals the way Alton himself throws his knives. ‘Gray Son’ sounds familiar in a way that Alton can’t place, it sounding like a long forgotten memory or a daydream he once had, and it leaves a sour taste on his tongue. 

“Who was the ‘rouge-Talon’? What became of them?” Alton asks. There are so many questions brimming inside his mind. So many desperate pleas and bargains. 

God, he’s lost so much time.

“You needn’t concern yourself with it,” the woman answers. “As of now, it is no longer in service to the Court of Owls. In time, it will be dealt with properly.”

“Was it Xiao?” Alton pushes, ignoring the stance shift of both of the Owls. “I knew something was off about him, but I respected the Court’s decision at the time. I know I am no match for the Court’s knowledge and power, but if Xiao went rogue, then perhaps the Court would be gracious enough for me to-”

Electricity strikes through him, racing up and down his nerves and collecting by his chest, and Alton crumbles into a heap, nerves frayed and without his own control. A thousand little pin pricks rush against his skin and inside his muscles, and as his limbs twitch and jerk against the voltage, Alton turns to find its source. 

The first Owl, the man with brown hair and a too young voice, is holding a strange device. It vaguely looks like a gun but it is far too compact and bulky to what Alton is familiar with. Two wires protrude from the barrel, sharp metal probes digging into the expanse of his lower back. The electricity stops for a moment and it takes hardly a second for Alton to begin shifting to stand back up. The Owl pulls the trigger again and Alton falls back onto his knees, fingers twitching and shaking as his muscles refuse to obey him.

“You speak out of turn, Talon,” the woman snarls down at him. “You’re simply here to complete the mission the Court of Owls has assigned you and that’s it. This kind of behavior will not be tolerated.” She walks over, yanking out the probes. “Get up.”

As Alton stumbles back to his feet, he wonders if the frost affected him more than he previously had thought. He had regained feeling back into his limbs, could wiggle his toes and stretch out his fingers, but perhaps the cold had mingled with his brain to a further extent. He’s never done anything to displease the Court, never spoken out of turn or done something to anger an Owl in the way he just did. This was bad. This couldn’t be good.

“My most humble apologies,” Alton says, bowing his head. “Please forgive me.”

The Owls ignore him and lead him down another hall, walking a few feet in front of him, and Alton can hear their whispers. Not clearly, which is another strange thing, but he catches whisps and short phrases.

Bad batch-

When Rose…. gone-

Gray Son will-

Maybe it’s got something….genes...

Better….more complete-

Replaced soon-

Something gross tightens in Alton’s stomach. Twenty five years was a long time to be gone. He’s missed so much,  so many opportunities, so much knowledge. He is a complete and total outsider now to the Court.

“When was the last time you were given electrum?” the male Owl calls behind him.

“A year before my.… retirement. I believe it was April twenty-second.”

“That should do, then,” the same Owl mutters. “You should have enough electrum to last you throughout this mission. Once you’re done, you will return to the Court, understood? Return to the Court. ”

Alton nods, a part of him knowing that speaking affirmation is not what is required of him. This… informality with the new Owls has thrown him. Twenty five years is long enough for a rotation, for new allies, for new members and families and branches across the world to have grown, but tradition is important to the Court. Always has been. The lack of pleasantries, the straight-forwardness of everything is unnerving. The new era is too relaxed. It is too cruel as well.

Violence was a way to train the Talons of the Court. Get them used to the concepts of death, blood, and gore. In his training years, Alton can remember being brutalized in the worst ways possible, but only for the sake of desensitizing him. Of hardening him. Training. There was always a reason for the violence, and Alton understands that. 

But in the hour he has been awake, he’s already been verbally berated and physically punished. Violence was used against him and it was without true purpose.

He is… fearful of this new Court. He does not know how it works. What his role in it is anymore. Does he even have a place in it?

“There is something else you need to know for your mission,” the female Owl says, turning to face him. “Gotham has recently acquired a new kind of creature. The Court of Owls is aware of his presence, and, as of yet, we find him to be no serious threat. However, if you happen to come into contact with him, do not engage. We believe this man does not know of our existence, and the Court wishes to keep it that way. Do you understand, Talon?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Alton acknowledges, keeping his eyes fixed to the floor. “What is this man’s name? How might I know him?”

“So far, he’s yet to properly announce himself,” the Owl mutters, crossing her arms, “but the citizens have taken to calling him Batman. ”

The Owls hand him a map, to help him navigate the new Gotham he’s found himself in, and tells him his mission verbatim. It’s simple, really, and similar to how things were done before he was… put away. His orders are to go out and remove yet another obstacle and pawn the Court no longer finds useful.

In the beginning, Alton had allowed himself to believe that what he was doing was for the good of the world. He was not a fool, and he knew exactly what kind of blood seeped through his fingers, so when the orders came, he obeyed them without question. The Court had given him everything in his meager life and rewarded him justly. Killing, not killing, it made no difference to Alton. At the end of the day, orders were orders and the flesh he carved with his knives were that of strangers. 

There were no longer prostitutes or young boys gasping beneath pillows he held down. There were no longer shallow graves to dig and bodies left to rot. The Court took care of that, and Alton is grateful for it.

But now there is fear within him. Fear he has not felt since he was a child. Deep seeded and ruthless, Alton can feel it ravaging his insides as he makes his way through sewers and pipes he doesn’t recognize. It leaves him feeling cold, a numbness he isn’t used to, and the emptiness it brings is a new kind of hollowness akin to the marrow in his bones melting through its pores. It bleeds out of him, staining his steady hands and faulting his perfectly calm mind. 

It has been so long. So, so long.

And it will be longer yet, a voice hisses in his ear as his eyes meet the night sky for what feels like the first time. They will replace you just as they did before. You are temporary. You will die.

Alton does not want to die. Does not know if he fears death like he fears being replaced, but knows it is an end he cannot bear to meet. A new Talon will rise, someone the Court has already deemed better than he, and Alton will once again be put away and forgotten about. Time is all he has left, as even his memories have faded into wisps of things he might remember and might have made up.

He is seventy three years old and yet time has done nothing to his body. Just his mind. Just his fear.

It is difficult to remain in the shadows and avoid the light. Gotham has blossomed far beyond the dingy city Alton had left it as, and there is life everywhere in the forms of bright street lamps and gossiping women; drunken men and loud children; cars, cars, so many cars and motorcycles and other vehicles Alton does not recognize; street signs that glow impossible colors and flashing billboards that scream their advertisements. There is so much now and Alton scuttles away from the light like a cockroach caught in the dark.

He had once hated such a simple creature. Hated it with every last shred of humanity within himself. Now, he has become one, searching for scraps anywhere he can get them and fleeing from the piercing gazes of beasts and giants that threaten his existence. Alton wonders if he has outlived that miserable creature that watched him burn all those years ago. Wonders if his existence has gained a legacy more prominent than that wretched bug in his memories. 

He does not know.

He is hidden behind a storage unit for the time being, and the wind picks at his paper map, sharp and unforgiving. The wind feels nice on his face though, a natural sensation compared to the damp air flow within the Court’s underground pathways and sewers. Above ground, Alton can smell the acrid scent of pollution and the acute smells of thousands upon thousands of lives, roaming about and ignorant of the devils beneath them.

A newspaper flutters at his feet, slapping against his shins, and Alton stoops down. His ability to read was below standard, the Court having prioritized strength and control rather than intellect, and Haly’s having only used him for show, but the letters mix together in his mind and Alton feels the cold seep into his fingers and flood his veins.

Haly’s Circus Features Debut Act For Youngest Member of The Flying Graysons!

Grayson.

Gray Son. The next Talon. 

His replacement.

No. No.

The mission, his true purpose, forgotten, Alton surges across the tall buildings, leaping from rooftop to rooftop as he scowers the city horizon for the long-forgotten circus tents that used to house him, memories of loud music and swirling lights trickling into his brain. How could he have let this happen? How could the Court be so cruel? His replacement was that of someone Alton knew, someone he had learned to live with and even considered in his dying breaths. The Grayson name had only been a fleeting thought during those days, a last resort to cling to, and now it was his death sentence, a twisted derision that festered in Alton’s core.

Half a mile away, Alton finally sees the chaos that is the opening night of Haly’s Circus and Wonders, hundreds upon hundreds of cars lining the streets and parked in dirt lots. Children and their families stampeded all around, shouts of joy and the smell of grease covered food and sickly sweets filling the stale air. Tonight was indeed a performance not to be missed, but Alton was determined to finally lay eyes on the one slotted to replace him.

Entering through the sectioned-off portions for the audience was out of the question, the command of ‘ Do not engage’ ringing in his ears. He spots an abandoned loading dock, however, towards the far back of the enormous tent, and Alton darts into the shadowed space, quickly jumping onto the wooden crates and making his way up towards the supporting beams. Elevated, Alton has the clear advantage of sight, taking in everything below. Nothing is out of reach.

Here, perched high above the roaring crowd and the oppressing lights, Alton can feel his heart beating madly within his ears. It is a magnificent feeling, this fear that devours him and curls his toes, lightning electrifying his veins as he waits for the one destined to take his place to show themselves. He remembers, in a dim and grayed recollection, Michael Grayson, the young man that offered him a chance to not be ruined and thrown away by Haly so, so long ago. What kind of rich irony was it for that same man to now shove him off of his pedestal and fall into the blank, white abyss?

The volume of the audience picks up a notch as a spotlight reveals the presence of the ringmaster, a fat man of middle age, stunning silver sideburns trailing down the sides of his face and plump, cherry red cheeks to accent his blinding grin. Alton does not recognize him. Should he? No. It is not the same person.

“Ladies and gentlemen!” he booms, sweeping his arm wide in a theatrical gesture. “Boys and girls! Welcome to Haly’s Circus! Tonight will be one to remember as you witness the death-defying acts of The Flying Graysons, world renowned for performing without a safety net! This performance is a once in a lifetime spectacle as the Flying Graysons debut a third member to their duo! Are. You. Ready?”

The crowd’s applause reaches new heights in response, and the strength of their excitement rattles the beams Alton hides behind. He cannot remember if he ever received cheers as loud as this. Cannot remember if he had ever been on the receiving end of such adoration and love. It makes him sick and shakes something inside of him.

“I give you: The Flying Graysons!”

The spotlight pans upwards to one of the tall, steel poles, illuminating the slight figure of a woman dressed in silver and blue, a hand raised to wave in elegant greeting as she stands on a small platform. The glitter of her outfit reflects and bounces off of the metal, creating an other-worldly glow about her as she holds onto an awaiting bar.

“Mary Grayson!” the ringmaster introduces, the crowd gasping as she leaps off of the platform, seemingly suspended fifty feet in the air. The spotlight rushes to capture her descent, slicing through the dry air as she swings forwards, toes pointed and a brilliant grin capturing her face.

“John Grayson!”

Another performer appears, dressed in a similar fashion, and a second spotlight catches the man’s fall as he glides towards the swinging woman, both acrobats letting go of their bars and somersaulting mid-air, folding out of the tuck to trade bars and continue swinging forwards, the drama rising another fit of deafening cheers from the awe-struck audience. 

“And finally,” the ringmaster says conspiratorially, voice reverberating in Alton’s ears as he feels his heart quicken, “with his first ever performance, I give you…”

The audience waits with bated breath as one of the spotlights slowly trails to the highest beam, a mere twenty feet from where Alton hides, finding the intensely small figure of a child, bedecked in a stunning contrast of red and gold, a winning smile to match the brilliance smattering across rosy cheeks.

“Richard Grayson! The youngest member of The Flying Graysons!”

The boy waves his arms enthusiastically, immune to the sheer phenomenon that is a child fifty feet in the air without supports. The other two Graysons are converging once again, close to intersecting one another, and Richard must take this as his cue because the audience screams as he dives down, a serene picture compared to the horrifying scene they are beholden to.

There is not a hint of worry or fear coming from the child, completely at ease in his element, and Alton feels something slick begin to crawl up his back, oozing into his spine. He watches as the boy contorts himself into a double somersault, still falling, falling, falling, and a viscous voice in his head begs for the child to crash, to continue falling until he meets an abrupt end. Everything else crumbles away as Alton remains solely focused on the red and gold streak, enraptured by such a small thing’s plunge. 

A cold dread pours into him though as the boy catches the hands of his parents’, belaying his momentum as they fly through the air, the child hanging between the two adults in picturesque vocation. The crowd is whistling in approval, astounded by this performance already, and the family comes to rest at a perch, wrapping their arms around one another as they wave to the crowd in thanks, all wearing the same, dazzling smiles that scream confidence and beauty.

Alton’s mind is going a mile a minute, attempting and failing to keep up with the radiant actions of the trio, a stark contrast to his own performances from when he was but a gangly boy. There is presence here, a presence Alton could never have hoped to obtain during his time with Haly. They have the spotlight all to themselves. No one else is vying for attention, no one else is present. Everything, everyone, is focused completely on the fantastical nature of these people, and Alton is shrouded in his corner of the tent, an unfocused blot in their magnificent chaos. 

It’s as if he’s been thrown back in time, the smell of nicotine filling his nose and the sensation of boiling heat covering his body. A phantom pain blossoms across his limbs, the intense urge to scratch and itch and pull, crushing him as his eyes remain captured by the Graysons, a thrumming panic building behind his eyes. 

Who could it be? Who could be the Gray Son the Court is so eager to replace himself with? The older man, the husband of the family, would be the best pick, built sturdily and exuding a sublime control in his hands. The woman is also a possibility, a grace in all of her movements, something the Court would desire in a Talon. The boy, though… The boy. Richard Grayson.

There is power in his tiny frame. Strength and a self-assurance that plows doubt into the minds of anyone who dares question his abilities. He couldn’t be more than eight or nine, and already there is so much talent . So much more talent than Alton could have ever hoped to emulate at that age, told through the muscles in his arms and back, and the almost blind reach towards every bar, confident in its placement and the knowledge that it will do as he commands, releasing and flipping and joining in flight with his parents, all the while suspended fifty feet in the air above hard concrete and scattered hay. The red and gold is flashy and bold and daring , and it fits the boy perfectly in his mannerisms as he toys with gravity and the crowd’s own fear for his safety, a cheeky giggle escaping his lungs every time he only just manages to avoid the drop.

There is a moment where the boy is flung into the air by his parents, hands reaching towards a bar just slightly elevated from where he suspends, and Alton swears he meets eyes with the child, a startling and piercing blue clashing against the dull opaqueness of his goggles. And perhaps he imagines it, or it is a trick of the light, but blue eyes meet his gray and the boy smirks , a firm hold onto the bar above his head as he twists his body to turn upside down, clinging to the bar with his knees and flying backwards, eyes never straying from Alton’s own as if to say, Look at what I can do. Look at how special I am.

A wail claws in the depths of his throat as Alton struggles to maintain his breathing, paralyzed by the realization that it was this boy who was destined to replace him. This small child was going to take his place and was going to excel and far outshine Alton. There would be no need for someone like him who was only ever average, only ever weak, compared to the sheer potential swinging before him. The boy wasn’t even ten and already he had accomplished far more, done so many other things that Alton would not have been able to replicate in a hundred lifetimes. 

This was Gray Son. A powerful, capable, terrifying force of pure capacity for greater things, an infinite well of possibility and competence.  Born for the spotlight, born for the glory, born for the Court. Born. To. Be. Special. 

Born to become everything Alton was not and would never be.

Terror does not begin to describe the emotion that cuts through him, an icy chill freezing and locking him into place as he continues to watch the boy fly through the air, grace and vitality embedded within each movement. The red and gold melds together into a stiff brown before Alton’s eyes, the orange and white tent above circling into a massive dome, and he is at its center, numb and minuscule and nothing as the ill attention burns into his skin and shreds apart his soul. There is something wrong with him and the chalk and dust is all collecting into his lungs, build up piling in with each shaky, uncertain breath. 

He is going to be replaced with a child, someone he would have killed out of fear years and years ago, and yet there is a certainty resting within the marrow of his bones that to raise a hand against the boy would spell an end for him. Forever. He cannot beat his competition, and he cannot slaughter his enemy. He can do nothing but watch Gray Son soar through the air as if he had wings on his back; not merely just a Talon, but perhaps part Owl as well.

The Gray Son has beautiful wings to fly with, and Alton’s feathers were burned away in that sunken trailer. He is flightless, forever grounded and stuck.

He does not realize how harshly he is gasping before the performance finally ends, the trance that had ensnared him so defeatedly snapping to a close. Alton blinks, raising a trembling hand to wipe at the condensation in his goggles and remove the fog in his gaze. It does not work, even as his glove comes away with moisture, and Alton swallows a mouthful of despair, the sting of bile rising and rolling in his stomach. He flees, not taking a second to look back, and ignores the flames that bite at his feet and catch on his uniform, too consumed with escaping the magnifying glass to care if anyone sees him.

He is human. Alton likes to think so. There is sometimes a brimming hope that he is still composed of the very things that make people human; that his mother was right to love him so much, and that Pop Haly was right to bring him to the circus. Alton wants to believe that he is human and thus more than simple prey. He flees though. Scuttles away like a bug caught in the light, like a mouse burying itself into a hard corner in hopes of escaping sharp claws, like a rabbit running for its life as an unknown, unstoppable strength dives overhead. 

Alton feels lesser than human, and more like the embodiment of everything that has ever feared or felt the sensation of losing its life. Alton has died and lived before, has done it more than he has fingers and toes, so perhaps that ability alone does not qualify him as human any longer. That his mortality is no longer a viable trait to claim. Alton has died and bled and woken up again and again, but the fear inside of him plagues him like cancer, spreading and overpowering. 

Alton has died so many times and has feared it every single time. Nothing has changed.

And now, the fear has a face, a name, a visage for Alton to tremble away from and plead for his life. Gray Son stands above him in the faceless ruin Alton has lived in his entire life and he can do nothing but fall to his knees and choke.

The city lights, the sounds, the people, they all blur beneath his gaze, a mass of swirling colors and collisions he refuses to acknowledge. He is lost with nowhere to return to except down, down, down, back to his benefactors. Back to his employers. Back to the devils. Back.

To his home.

The desperation that coats his fingers leaves him without the ability to knock or even announce himself as he plunges into the sewers, sprinting without forethought into the darkness, into the white. There are turns and pathways he takes purely on muscle memory, the guidance of so many years of walking and trailing down the maze the only thing that keeps him in the right direction. 

He has never doubted the Owls. Never doubted the Court’s decisions. He knows they know everything. Knows that the things they have made him do were not for the sake of destroying him or keeping him busy. He had purpose and it was the ultimate gift.

And now it was going to be taken away.

He reaches the main hollow, air rattling in his lungs, and falls at the feet of the first Owl he sees.

“Please, please,” he grovels, voice distorted in his terror and grief, “Please, I beg you!”

The Owl above him is startled but Alton pays them no heed as he claws at their shoes, fingers fumbling as leather scrapes against marble. “Please, don’t do this to me!”

A murmur begins to spread as the commotion draws a parliament around Alton and the Owl, Alton's cries rising in volume as his desperation pollutes any rationale left within him.

“I can be better!” he wails, yanking off his hood and casting it aside. “Please, I am begging you, let me prove myself! I can be better than him! I can— spare me! Spare me, please!”

“What is this?” a mellow voice interrupts, heavy soles snapping against the cold floor. 

“It is a retired Talon, Grandmaster,” the Owl Alton kneels before answers. “It has become unusable.”

Alton lifts his head, seeing the dark cloak that just barely brushes against the white marble, and gasps. “Grandmaster,” he begs, crawling over to grasp at the edges of the embroidered cloth, “Please spare me! Don’t do this to me, please!”

“This is the one from 1954?,” the Grandmaster asks, though it sounds more like a bored statement.

“Yes,” the same Owl replies, kicking away Alton’s side from his shoes. “It was retired, however, in 1980. Its use had expired and it was only recently returned for an emergency.”

“No, no, no,” Alton moans, hands grabbing at his face in despair. “Please, please.”

“I see,” the Grandmaster hums, stooping down to Alton’s level and peering into his stricken face. “Tell me, Talon, did you complete your mission?”

“Please,” Alton whispers brokenly, voice wobbling as he raises his hands as if in prayer. “Please, I can be better. I can prove myself to be more worthy than Gray Son. I lived for the Court for twenty-six years— please, let me do it again!”

The impassive mask Alton pleads to says nothing though, a visage of stained, old blood and hollow eyes unbidding to his misery. He is nothing. 

The Grandmaster straightens, ignoring Alton’s desperate sob, and orders, “Retire it again.”

“No!” Alton shrieks, rising from his knees and making a lunge at the Grandmaster. A strong arm stops him though, slamming him back down into the floor. The Owl Alton had first groveled before holds him down, impressive strength pulverizing into Alton’s chest as a knee is pressed into his ribs.

“As you command,” the Owl says, giving a curt nod to the Grandmaster as he walks away.

“You can’t do this,” Alton laments, thrashing beneath the hold of the Owl. “No, no! I am better! I-I’ll kill him! I’ll kill Gray Son and prove it to you! I’ll kill—”

His face is smashed into the marble, nose crunching beneath the force, and his protests wither as the Owl continues to hold him down, his superior strength and Alton’s fading abilities keeping him at bay. The crowd that had gathered before is dissipating, as if Alton’s outburst and anguished plea for his life meant nothing to them and was commonplace. Who knows, perhaps it was to them. So many lives were at the mercy of their hands, and yet it all meant nothing to them. Absolutely nothing.

“Be still,” the Owl hisses, yanking at Alton’s arms until they pop. “You’ve embarrassed yourself in front of the Grandmaster, begging like some pathetic dog. You should be ashamed.”

Alton says nothing to that as he is dragged to his feet, stumbling forward as the Owl pushes him towards an empty hallway. Each step sends his heart racing, the vestiges of adrenaline sending shivers down his spine as the path gets darker and darker, the air taking on a deathly chill as the walls narrow and finally reveal a heavy metal door.

“You are very fortunate,” the Owl continues, unlocking the foreboding door and shoving Alton inside. Rows upon rows of frosted coffins line the gray walls, the only place in all of the Court to not be made of glistening white marble. “The Grandmaster was kind enough to retire you again. If it had been up to me, I would have you slaughtered, especially for your foolish ambition of killing Gray Son.”

“I don’t understand,” Alton croaks, a full body shake beginning to overtake him as they walk closer and closer to his burial. “Why is this happening to me? I’ve been so good to the Court. I’ve been good. ”

The Owl laughs in his face, unlocking the frozen chamber and allowing its bitterness to wash over the two of them. “Good? There is no good in the Court. There is no bad in the Court. You are stupid, so I can’t fault you completely, but it is marvelous to me that you think the lines are drawn so neatly. Alton Carver, there is only gray in the Court.”

At his name, Alton’s eyes widen, stunned at the recognition of his own being, something he has not heard in decades in relation to himself. Talon had been his only label, the wisps of his past never rising from the lips of anyone important within the Court of Owls or elsewhere. How could it be? How did this Owl know his name? Was this a final act of mercy? 

He doesn’t get the chance to say anything before the Owl shoves him bodily into the coffin, sealing it shut and effectively silencing Alton. He does not get any last words, nor a chance to impart goodbyes or regrets. All he can do is stare in shock and horror as the Owl takes off his mask, revealing dark veins that crawl up and down the sides of the Owl’s face, likened to Alton’s own. A vindictive grimace stretches the Owl’s lips, a cruel satisfaction settling over his features as he watches Alton slowly succumb to the frigid chamber. Alton keeps his eyes open. He fears the dark. He fears.

“My blood will prosper,” the Owl, no, Talon, no, both, says, “and Gray Son will make utopia.”
Notes:

    Well, guys, backstories complete! Maybe. For now, we are finally done with these long backstories, and the next chapter will be getting back to our main characters! Thanks for sticking around :)

    Let me know what you thought!

Chapter 9: Pessimum
Notes:

    Disclaimer: *I am not a doctor. I am not a professional in anything medicinal. The medical things and cancer related jargon I have written are from my own research online and from things I have learned through specific classes I have taken.

    (please check tags)

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Gotham, Modern

Unknown Date

“It’s completely irresponsible to continue like this.”

“Then what do you propose? The Grandmaster has not authorized more electrum.”

“I am proposing that we find another Talon. This one has vastly overstayed its date. We are losing more and more money with every report it brings back to us.”

“It has never failed though. There is no reason to replace it when its tasks are completed.”

“But for how much longer will that hold? How much more money are we going to funnel into a project standing on the last dregs of our supply? Are you even aware of how much money we lost on its last mission? One hundred thousand dollars. On one mission.”

“While I agree that the spending has become outrageous, what solution can you offer? We have no electrum. At least none that the Grandmaster is willing to give to us with what portions we are already granted. Besides, finding and training a new Talon can take decades. That is not time we have, especially with Project Restituo in mind. Like it or not, we need this Talon.”

“It has become sloppy. What good is a weapon if it does not perform perfectly? If it cannot do what it was designed to do? At the rate it is going at, all of us will be paying for more than what we are receiving.”

“It has begun to leave signatures as well, however unintentionally. I’ve been reading the newspapers, I hear everything that the media is saying, and some innocuous crime blogs are beginning to point out patterns. Before long, someone is going to connect two and two together and we will be found out. This cannot be allowed to happen.”

“And I ask again: what do you purpose we do? We have no outstanding resources, we have no direct or meaningful contact with the Grandmaster currently, and there is not a single Owl present willing to sacrifice for the sake of another Talon.”

“Are you sure of that?”

“If you’re doubting that the Owls here, the ones present in this very room, are willing to scandalize their namesake, then I’ll address you all myself. Who here would like to volunteer their heir to serve the Court as the next Talon? Anyone?”

“Then what of Haly? Surely there is some other little blight he’s found in these past years. He’s had plenty of time.”

“We all know that Haly has been troublesome. Contact with the circus has remained largely limited for the past decade, and Haly has done nothing to amend it. Since we lost Gray Son, there has not been another viable candidate.”

“Why not take Gray Son now? It has been many years since Gray Son moved away from Gotham. He is without protection; the Court could take him now.”

“Gray Son has become too old for the Court’s purposes. We need fresh blood, young blood. When they grow too old, there is little time to train them for the Court. That is why we need children and yet…”

“If it is an issue of time, there are many candidates here in Gotham to choose from. The very streets are practically overrun with vermin. It would not be difficult to take one.”

“Although it would be the easiest course of action, we cannot be reassured that the candidate is a good one. The Court needs good blood, and Haly had once been our insurance on maintaining that sort of factor in our Talons. Some rat off the street would not do for the Court’s purposes.”

“Be that as it may, there are others to choose from in Gotham that we can be guaranteed to be well bred. Any one of them would suit the Court well.”

“You aren’t suggesting one of those vigilantes, are you?”

“I am.”

“That’s simply outrageous! They’ve been nothing but trouble for the Court, and we’ve had one too many close calls with them. Years ago, the Grandmaster thought it best to leave them alone, but they’ve done more harm than their lives are worth ignoring.”

“Think about it though. Any of them are skilled enough to do exactly what the Court needs. They are already trained so there would be no need to spend near decades honing skills. It has already been done for us.”

“Finding and taking one is another matter though. They work together. Small hoards of them gathering in the night. One is hardly ever spotted without another close by. And, I am sure, we are all aware of what happens when one is taken. That is not a madness I am willing to endure.”

“That’s not true.”

“Excuse me?”

“What you just said. Not all of them work together. Not all of them are even in Gotham, actually. Gotham needn’t be our only city to pursue.”

“And you’re suggesting we try to capture Nightwing? Batman’s first protege? The oldest one? My God, were you even listening before? We need someone young. Someone we can actually use.”

“Yes, Nightwing is the oldest, but he’s also the one who’s the most experienced alongside Batman himself. He’s also alone most of the time. Bludhaven has only one guard. Gotham has eight and at times numerous others. You can do the math and see which one is within reach.”

“Taking Nightwing for the Court is going to be extremely difficult, even if he is alone. As you said, he’s the most experienced to come out of Gotham. Some criminals are even more frightened of that loony Bird than the Bat. There’s no telling what kind of risks we’ll be incurring with just an attempt. ”

“Even so, the odds are better. The Talon in use now won’t be pliable for much longer. At my best estimate, I’d say we have another five years of electrum supply for it. We’ve spent quadruple the amount of electrum on just one Talon over the course of nearly two centuries. Though it has been useful, I think it’s about time we have something new, and Nightwing is within our grasp.”

“While I see your point on the vulnerability of Nightwing, he’s an adult . Robin or even Red Robin would be much better for our uses.”

“Do you even hear yourself? Those two are the closest to Batman. Them being the youngest is one of the biggest factors on why the Court shouldn’t want them. I don’t think there’s been more than three instances of either of them being alone in Gotham. Some other vagabond is always with them. Approaching them, much less taking, is worse than impossible. It’s unthinkable.”

“What about the Red Hood then? Or any of the female associates? Or even the newcomer, Signal? Surely one of them is a better fit or more easily acquired.”

“Though Red Hood might be an option, he’s too unstable. There is also the issue of the way he goes about things; it would not be pleasant to rein in and there is a greater chance of us losing millions of dollars than gaining a Talon that shoots before it thinks. Just as well, the female vigilantes and Signal are… unknown. The Court doesn’t even have an estimate on their ages, nor how many females there truly are. Two have been spotted in the same area, but there have been several others seen wearing different costumes. There are too many variables to consider to make them an option worth choosing.”

“But Nightwing ? The Court’s power is great, but it is unfathomable to picture taking the man from his city with little consequence. Yes, it is only himself that resides there, but that’s a thousand and one headlines to run if he were to go missing. He is their sole protector. If he goes missing, the entire city will go into a frenzy.”

“The media doesn’t have to be a problem if the Court is willing to play a hand into it. If the real issue is time, a solution of shortening it down to less than a decade, then I believe the Court will succeed. A few years at most, perhaps three, and Nightwing will be ours.”

“The Grandmaster has ordered us to leave the vigilantes alone. We don’t have enough information about any of them, really, to even ensure that we can take Nightwing or that he’ll be good for the Court. We are operating on convenience and assumption here.”

“What’s more, although skilled, we cannot be guaranteed that Nightwing will hold up to the standards the Court enforces. He is… unpredictable. Studying his true skill takes time we do not have.”

“Then we’ll give him a test. Nightwing will have to prove his worth to us, and if the Court finds his skills satisfactory, then we will proceed with extraction.”

“And if this plan fails?”

“Then the Court will have to resort to trying our hand at finding a better match, though I doubt one as profitable as Nightwing will be found again.”

“How are we to test him? By what means?”

“Do you already forget what we have at our disposal? The Court makes do with what it is provided with. Talon?”

William Cobb looks up from where he kneels at the center of the dome. 

“You have a new mission.”

“At your command, ma’am.”

2 Years and 5 Months Before Extraction

It’s been a week and his stalker has still not made a move. What’s more frustrating than knowing he has a tail is not knowing who they are. What’s worse is the waiting. The waiting is killing him.

Whatever his stalker’s reasons are, they’ve decided to keep their distance for the time being. More than likely a foe rather than a friend, Dick has been on high alert for the past several days and it’s been wearing down on him more than he wants to admit. He feels them on his back more than he ever sees them, like a tangible shadow that sticks on the soles of his boots wherever he goes. They don’t interfere in his patrols, don’t aid him when fighting, and they don’t make any reasonable attempts at contact. Once or twice he thought there might’ve been an attempt, newspapers with rips on some pages and odd stains on certain words fluttering across rooftops he swears he saw his shadow on moments before, but whatever communication that was trying to be conveyed was nonsense at best and nothing at worst.

This constant looking over his shoulder aches at his mind as he wracks his brain in trying to determine who’s skilled enough to stalk him without him immediately knowing who they might be. He keeps tabs on all of his villains, past and present, and everyone who might make the list of besting him in evasion like this is currently either in prison, in another country, or dead. Which means he’s dealing with an unknown.

Dick hates dealing with unknowns.

His stalker keeps biding their time though, days and nights dragging on with zero contact. By now, there usually would be a confrontation, a declaration of their intent or otherwise. But there’s just silence and more waiting and more paranoia stacking on top of Dick’s usual frenzy. He likes knowing things, likes having tabs and lists and having all of his knowledge in order, so he tries to lessen the burden by going through what he’s been able to compile throughout the week about his stalker.

For one thing, they’re about his size. He wasn’t kidding when he said it was like having a shadow, his stalker having similar build and height to himself. Only glimpses and peripheral vision has lended him that kind of observation, but his conclusion leads to the stalker being male. There’s always something unnatural to the figure he sees just out of reach, edges and peaks where there should be smoother curves or shortened width. It reminds Dick of Batman’s cowl, the edges he catches peak off on the sides of his stalker’s head, and the inches too wide shoulder to body ratio is off enough to indicate a thicker material there, or body modifications of some sort. Dick concludes armor and some kind of head-set. That or his stalker is a mutant.

His stalker having a mutation of some sort would also explain how they’ve been able to hide from him so well. It’s maddening how close his stalker gets sometimes, two buildings away at certain points in his patrol, and then suddenly out of sight for the rest of the night. The only consolation Dick has is that his stalker is exclusive to Nightwing. Dick doesn’t feel his shadow’s presence at all when in civilian attire, so there are small reliefs here and there.

He pings Oracle once to see if she can get an angle at all from the cameras around Bludhaven, but she reads nothing and gets about the same grainy footage Dick has been seeing with his peripherals. It’s frustrating, but he doesn’t ask for help again. Whatever was happening, so far, has been contained in Bludhaven and Dick really didn’t want to involve any of Gotham’s usuals into this. 

If he could just get a good look at what exactly he was dealing with, he might be able to better go at whatever it is that’s happening. Having a stalker isn’t new to him, his first ever real stalker as Nightwing being one Timothy Drake, but this level of evasion and clear espionage is taking its toll on him. The only thing he feels capable of doing besides waiting for the eventual encounter is to prepare, prepare, prepare. He starts carrying extra batteries for his escrima sticks, double checks and rechecks all of his communicators before going out, pings Oracle sometimes with his location, and always, always takes the long, back route on his way home. His patrols don’t lessen in their frequency but his routine changes in hopes of throwing off his stalker long enough for them to slip up. 

With his increasingly complicated routes, twisting down dead-ends and leaping through short-cuts, Dick feels like he might be able to throw off Bruce with how many changes he makes, getting more distracting and everywhere each night. Of course, this kind of disruption from his usual pattern is enough to also keep the rest of Bludhaven on its toes, his usual line-up of robberies, purse-snatchers, and gang-related fights fluctuating now that their estimations on him being somewhere at a certain time are thrown off. It’s a new route every night and, though taxing, he keeps it up. Patience is key, and by the eighth night, his inconsistency pays off.

His stalker shows. Or, more accurately, his stalker slips up.

Dick had just dropped down from the ledge of a bodega, swerving around into an alley way to catch his breath when he spied the flickering of an actual shadow to his right. He’d been standing slightly behind a rusted shed in the alleyway, leaning on its side to relieve himself temporarily, and, apparently, this had been enough to obscure him completely from view from where he had just dropped from.

Dick watches the shadow warily, recognizing its outline to be that of his stalker and tenses himself. It moves back and forth across the line where rooftop meets dim moonlight and flickering street lamps, the figure pacing, and Dick can just barely hear the crunch of heavy footwear on littered concrete. He’s sure of it now, with the way the shadow keeps moving back and forth, as if agitated, stopping every now and again to pause and probably gauge their next move. Dick knows that this may be his only chance to truly catch his stalker off guard, putting an end to whatever game of hide-and-seek they’d been playing for the past week, and with still so many unknowns screaming at him, it’s really the only solution. He takes a deep breath. His fingers shake lightly, not from nervousness, but, for lack of a better word, eagerness.

He’s ready.

Silently, careful to watch his every movement, Dick circles the bodega, listening all the while for his stalker’s footsteps. As quietly as he can manage, he begins to scale the building, a short climb that is easy enough with how broken the brick is and the ridges on his gloves. It’s done in less than a minute, and Dick takes another breath before peering over the rooftop, keeping his head low. 

The poor lighting doesn’t make for the best profile, but as Dick takes in the true form of his stalker, his heart begins to beat faster. It’s a male, broad shoulders and thick muscles concealed behind a dark, shiny material that is absolutely covered in knives. The entire outfit screams “bad guy”, cliche as it sounds, as the glint of a gold headpiece and metallic looking goggles masks the person behind it all and gives off an eerie vibe that makes his skin crawl. They’re human, as far as Dick can tell, and their hands clench and unclench at their sides as they continue to pace back and forth across the roof, predatory but anxious. The silence in which they do so, minus the crunch of gravel underfoot, unnerves Dick. It’s as if the man isn’t even breathing. 

Unholstering one of his escrima sticks, Dick silently pulls himself over the ledge, letting his thumb hover over the voltage switch. Cautiously, he rises, stomach at the base of his throat. 

“You know,” he says, muscles clenching as the man jerks around, “some people consider stalking a form of flattery.” Dick presses down on the switch, electricity surging forwards and crackling through the air like a whip. “I don’t.”

His stalker says nothing, slowly pulling at one of the knives strapped to their chest, but Dick notices that their stance is off. Wrong. It’s neutral, loose, no indication of playing offense or defense. Their knees are bent, but at a casual angle, unlike one that would show the tensing of calf muscles or a stiffening spine. If anything, his stalker is relaxed. Unguarded. As his stalker’s footing remains unchanged, and the silence stretches out into the cool night, Dick hears alarm bells go off in his head, loud and blaring.

Dick didn’t catch his stalker. He was led to him.

“Who are you?” he asks, forcing the muscles in his forearm to loosen. “What—”

The change is instantaneous, a flicker of movement, and then his stalker rushes forward, hurling the knife they’d been fingering towards Dick’s face. He raises his escrima stick in time to deflect the weapon, side-stepping the following lunge and throwing a left hook simultaneously. His returning blow is dodged, the assailant ducking under it and making a sweep for Dick’s legs. Leaping over the attack, Dick reaches out and uses his stalker’s shoulders to flip into a roll that carries him a good distance away from the ledge. With the distance between them, Dick pulls out his other escrima stick, immediately flicking the switch on, and braces against his attacker’s flurry of movement. 

They’re a heavy hitter, alternating between swinging fists and slashing knives, and Dick takes a blow to his side that makes his breath stutter before reversing the momentum back into a hit that slams into his stalker’s head, causing them both to step back and re-evaluate. Dick is breathing hard through his nose, leaning forwards and rushing to take offense this time. It’s a strange dance, both weaving between shots and taking blows when necessary to give one of their own. Cuts are littering Dick’s arms and sides, the knives his stalker never seems to run out of nicking him over and over again, and with each landed punch, needle like attachments to the gloves plunge into his skin. 

Eventually though, his stalker slips up and takes a second too long to load another attack, and Dick is instantly on him, slamming both escrima sticks into his side and shoving him to the ground. Electricity strikes through the body, and if not for the rubber lined through Dick’s own suit, he’s sure he would’ve also been shocked. His stalker goes down only for a few seconds, muscles spasming in response to the surges, but they act as if completely unaffected and Dick is again unnerved by the silence of his attacker. At the voltage he’s set his weapons to, it would cause anyone to writhe in pain and even scream, but his stalker merely twitches on the ground. 

“Nightwing,” his stalker greets calmly, still convulsing. “First son of Batman."

“That’s me,” Dick grinds out, shoving one of his escrima sticks in front of the hooded face. “And who are you supposed to be? Knock-off Black Hood?”

“The Court of Owls has sent me,” they continue on, something like vindictiveness creeping into their voice. “They wanted one of the little ones, much easier to train. It’s too bad they’re still under the Bat’s cape.”

Anger flashes through Dick, his alarm continuing to grow. Snarling, he steps closer and grinds his heel into the man’s chest. “I won’t ask again,” he threatens. “Who. Are. You?”

“Nightwing,” they repeat, strained but still so calm, “The Court of Owls has chosen you. The Court of Owls has sentenced you to die .”

Before Dick can parse through the meaning of that, the man suddenly grapples forwards, scraping a knife through Dick’s shin guard and splitting the flesh beneath. Yelling, Dick lurches back, the knife continuing its destruction as the man holding it follows Dick’s retreat, the weapon sliding further down and plunging to a stop at the toe of Dick’s boot. The pain is sizzling hot, blood pouring freely into his socks and dribbling out the sides of his lacerated suit. It hurts to put any sort of pressure on it but Dick does so anyway, diving into a roll as the knife and its holder continue to follow after him, a sort of wild frenzy coating the air as Dick’s blood begins to pepper the bodega roof.

Clubbing an escrima stick against the wrist holding the bloodied weapon, the knife drops and Dick takes the opportunity to pounce into the open space, cracking his elbow into the man’s face, shattering the slightly opaque goggles and leaving the man blinded. Lunging out of reach again, Dick hisses at the throbbing in his foot, but doesn’t dare to look away from the, what Dick now knows to be, assassin. Small shards of the reinforced glass are embedded into the flesh of his elbow, but it’s a small price to pay for a now sightless opponent. Now would be the time to alert for backup, the precious seconds he has to think of a new plan all he’s gained, but something’s off. Something’s wrong.

The man isn’t reacting.

In fact, he’s still, a hand hovering just outside of his masked face; not hesitant, but just…. paused. As if stuck in time. Then, deft, practiced fingers are reaching into the broken frames and Dick watches with a sick feeling in his gut as the man yanks out pieces of glass from his eyes, dropping each shard with a deafening clink. Even in the dim lighting, Dick can tell the man’s eyes are completely destroyed, flecks of blood and watery fluid leaking out the sides of the goggles like monstrous tears. It’s nauseating, the ease and carelessness the man displays in removing the glass from his own face. Involuntarily, Dick takes a step forward, the instinct to get a better look over-riding the rationale of staying away. 

Suddenly, in slow but heart-stoppingly clear movement, the man’s eyes shift, reforming into a grotesque imitation of new life, the outer shell shaping back into a lens and filling like a water balloon. The eyelids seal shut like an invisible zipper is pulling along its seams, the terrible, lethargic leak of thin blood and vitreous humor ceasing altogether. Corneas and retinas and nerves reform, and in the time it takes for Dick to remember to breathe, both eyes are fully reformed. 

As if they’d never been impaled to begin with.

The man blinks and brown clashes against hidden blue, and Dick feels like he’s going to throw up when he recognizes the amber hues of his own father’s eyes within this stranger's. Even the baritone and pace of the man’s laugh is a mirror, something inside Dick coiling away at the sound of it.

“Who are you?” he demands, unsettled. “Who are you?”

If he could see the rest of the man’s face, Dick has the feeling that he would be looking at a cruel, unhinged attempt at a smile. Something bitter but still so resigned. Still so yielding. Like a soldier following orders.

“I serve a higher purpose, Nightwing. The Court wants you.” A blade is resting in his hands again. “And they will have you.”

. . .

The silence when he enters is thunderous. The metal clippings on his boots clink in the quiet, faded marble and brown rusts the walkway to the dome’s center. Inky blood trails behind each step, clumps of flesh and coagulation splattering the shine and marking the placement of his shambles. A bone is still poking against the gloves he wears, wrist just slightly bent and hanging, and the feeling of it annoys him. He’s never liked the texture of leather.

Cobb feels his liver slide back into place, a slick, hollow feeling against the cavern, and kneels. “I lost.”

Uproar.

“You see? You see? He’s perfect!”

“What is the meaning of this, Talon? How could you have lost ?”

“This is the perfect opportunity, we should take Nightwing now while he’s still out there and injured.”

“What if it was followed? God, it’s destroyed us! I knew this was a bad idea, any moment now, they’ll—”

“You’ve stained the Court’s good name, how dare you.”

“What was he like? What was Nightwing like when he fought? Is he good?”

“Talon, if you’ve injured him severely, I swear I’ll—”

The chaos of rising voices and clanging chairs does not disturb Cobb where he kneels. He feels empty. Numb. It is not an unfamiliar feeling. After all, he knew he would lose. He knew it was his time to go. This was always how it was going to be. He entered the fight knowing it would not fall his way and yet he’d tried. He had really tried to kill the man, but here he was, broken, bleeding, and before the Court of Owls with his failure. In their eyes, it was a kind of victory, but all Cobb knows is that his time has run out. He will not get to see the mix. 

He will not get to see the gray.

2 Years and 4 Months Before Extraction

Cobb’s hands are trembling. No, they’re shaking. Outright convulsing . His body is on fire and he has not felt his heart beat so loudly in decades.

Richard Grayson and Nightwing are one in the same.

The Court had been a mixture of pleased and dissatisfied when he brought back the news of having lost to the famed hero. It had been a long and dangerous fight, Cobb goading the man on throughout the duration of it and Nightwing remaining somewhat level-headed despite it. And maybe it was because the man was calmer than expected, and maybe it was because Cobb was getting old and the Court was right in wanting to dispose of him, but he’d just managed to wrench the man’s shoulder out of place when a surprising burst of energy from the hero had the Talon soaring over the ledge of that small rooftop, crumbling into a mess of broken bones and ruptured organs after the two story drop. 

Nightwing had assumed he’d died, leaping down to inspect the shallow remains of the assassin before scaling back up to the rooftop to clean up the mess they’d made. After all, it wouldn’t do for a random citizen to get their hands on the very DNA that was housed inside Bludhaven’s protector. Identities were important for the living. The Court was unconcerned with where he spilt his blood, so Cobb didn’t worry. He was dead and they never gave him a grave anyway.

In the time it took for the hero to finish disposing of his spilled identity, Cobb had gathered himself together enough to escape into the sewers, trekking back to where the Court awaited the news. 

Now that Nightwing had been tested, the gathered Owls felt secure enough in their decision to make the hero their next Talon, a sentencing Cobb knew to be the end. What followed were simple orders of continued surveillance, although much more covert than previously. That fated night of their duel, it had taken Cobb by surprise when the vigilante snuck up on him, even more so to not have even sensed the man’s presence until he spoke. However, the meeting was bound to have happened. The hero was too smart to have not taken notice of the spy lurking over his shoulder, of course he would be good enough as well to direct the confrontation.

It all made so much more sense now. 

Of course Gray Son would be good enough to best him. Gray Son was destined to beat him, after all, and just the thought of it makes Cobb’s heart clench with elation. Finally. Finally, Gray Son would fix it all. Finally, Gray Son had stepped back into the light. But had he ever stepped out of it?

The reveal of Nightwing’s identity was more coincidence than true information gathering on Cobb’s part. The hero was good about concealment, oh so careful about making sure he never took the same path twice on the way back to where ever it was he rested, but William Cobb had been dressed in casual garb that night. Hiding in plain sight. It only took a few waved bills, a little bit of knowing who to talk to and how to talk to them, and Cobb had followed the hero’s journey throughout Bludhaven until he reached the poorer side of town where apartments ran cheap and everyone kept their eyes averted.

It didn’t take much longer to figure out the apartment number and the resident within.

It’s all so very stupid, the great Nightwing to have been found out in such a manner, but Cobb knows to give himself a little credit as well. Cobb was good, possibly one of the best in the world, and the Court had lended him many connections and resources throughout his service. If anyone was going to find out the identity of Nightwing in such a way, it would only be William James Cobb, the Court of Owls' faithful Talon.

And now… now that Gray Son has revealed himself, Cobb feels reinvigorated. Gray Son must join the Court. He must fix Gotham and restore the balance. Even the thought of a future led by Gray Son feels holy, like a crusade to rid Gotham of its plague. 

However, there were… issues Cobb felt he couldn’t entirely ignore. The boy had chosen white. 

Ran from Haly’s at the first sign of trouble and landed into the arms of someone who had roots dawning back to the foundations of Gotham itself. Money, too much of it, and the boy had lavished himself in it for years afterwards, not even sparing a glance back to his origins. The only consolation Cobb could give himself was that Gray Son eventually chose right in the end, leaving behind the white, pristine columns of Wayne and re-embracing his true heritage. The one Cobb had been born into. The one Cobb had given him.

Daily, Gray Son surrounds himself with filth, practically clutching onto it with such a tenderness that Cobb can almost forgive his previous transgressions. Almost.

But that was all in the past. Now, now, Gray Son is back and would soon be safely with the Court, where he belongs alongside Cobb to build a better future. Everything would shift, the entire world would gaze upon a reformed Gotham, and William Cobb would finally be at peace. 

Everything would be worth it, and he tells the Court so.

“That’s—”

“Nightwing is our lost Gray Son? After all these years…”

“Richard Grayson? Son of Bruce Wayne ?”

“But wait. If Gray Son is Richard Grayson and Nightwing, does that mean that Bruce is—”

“Oh my god.”

My God, truly, Cobb thinks, still euphoric. He will make things right.

“And- and every other one of them? Are all of them associated with Wayne?”

“Then that would mean Gray Son was Robin from the very beginning. That would mean that he’s been in front of us this entire time, taunting us.”

“This is explosive. With this kind of information, the Court could completely topple the entire corporation. We could finally kill the Batman.”

“Yes, he has been bothersome for too long. It makes sense now why Bruce turned down so many offers to join us, seeing as the Waynes are the only generational family to not be present here.”

“Bruce has always been an ignorant man, oblivious in the highest regard. I was led to believe that our offers simply flew over his head, but now that we know he’s Batman… it could be that he knows all about us. He might know who we are.”

“So? We now know who he is, too. What would it matter if he knows about us? He’s done nothing to interfere.”

“Hasn’t he though? Batman and his entourage have been pecking away at Gotham, our plans crumbling apart the more that hoard grows.”

“We can’t be hasty with this kind of information. It’s priceless and dangerous. If we let Wayne know that we know his secret, there’s no telling what he’ll do. It’s not just Batman we would be dealing with. It would be every single vigilante in Gotham and even the Justice League. Wonder Woman and Superman are practically friends with the Dark Knight. I don’t believe the Court is prepared to withstand that kind of onslaught.”

“What’s more, we don’t have perfect evidence to prove this sort of claim. What Talon did can be considered a fluke; we might never get this kind of opportunity for identification again. Approaching Wayne or any of the vagabonds he totes around with this kind of threat would be madness.”

“The Court cannot underestimate any of these circumstances. Not at such a crucial time. Campaigning is still going on for you, isn’t it, Mister Gilt?”

“Yes, I’ve been in close contact with the Mayor for awhile. Gordon is my only opponent but it won’t be difficult to sway opinion.”

“Even so, we cannot risk anything for Project Restituo. I think the Court should keep this information to ourselves for now. It’s too dangerous to do something for the time being, and with this kind of leverage, anything is possible for the future. For the present, however, I propose we focus on obtaining Gray Son, as we originally planned.”

“He won’t come easily, and now that we know he can best our Talon, I don’t see how we’ll be able to bring him back to us.”

“It’s simply a matter of convincing him. We need only to hint at what kind of leverage we possess, and I am sure he’ll come running to us. Talon, you spoke with Gray Son, yes? And you told him that we have other options at our disposal? Nightwing is known for his loyalty, a simple family man in summation. I believe there is little he wouldn’t do for the…. wretches he’s surrounded himself with.”

“But what if he’s already told them about the Court? About Talon? We’re assuming Batman doesn’t exactly know about us, but if he hadn’t before, then Nightwing might’ve let him know now.”

“Nightwing is a recluse in Bludhaven and there hasn’t been any sightings of him in Gotham or the others invading Bludhaven. I think it would be alright to conclude that, for whatever reason, Nightwing has not spoken with any of them about Talon or the Court.”

“Okay, let’s say that’s all true. Nightwing, Gray Son, is alone but capable enough to fend off any extraction. He’s too strong. I ask again, how’re we to bring him back to us?”

“The answer is a direct opposite to your question. We weaken him enough and he’ll come to us. It’ll be Gray Son’s decision in the end. He only needs a slight nudge.”

“Again. How?”

“Nightwing, Richard Grayson, and Gray Son are one in the same. Richard is the only public figure, however, and has been for some time. We only need to weaken the most vulnerable of those three identities and the rest will follow.”

“I see. I have an idea then. Tell me, who here has access to the hospitals?”

1 Year and 5 Months Before Extraction

“The results should be ready in a week or so. You’ll get a call when they’re available and we’ll schedule another appointment to discuss the scans.”

It unnerved him. It was just supposed to be a regular checkup, his annual physical to maintain appearances and a proper paper trail. It’s what he’s been doing his entire life, comfortable enough knowing that the doctors were oathed into secrecy. He trusted his doctor, he’d been seeing the same one since he was thirteen, but the fact that he’s been asked to come back was what unnerved him.

“There were some irregularities in your blood. I’ll need to test it, but for now, just to be safe, I think we should run a couple scans. Nothing serious, we just want to make sure your body is doing alright.”

His doctor had said it with that typical gleam in her eye, always noting down new scars or broken bones Dick has had throughout the years. She’s never asked Dick to explain them and he’s never offered to, but she was always extra thorough in her exams, testing reflexes twice over and making sure bones were healing properly and not deteriorating. Briefly, he’d mentioned having some extra fatigue he’d been feeling, one or two migraines he’d had during the month. Nothing alarming, really, but his doctor seemed concerned.

And now, nine days later, he’s been called back in for a follow-up appointment with a new doctor.

“Hello, I’m Philip Hammot,” the man greets, reaching out a hand that Dick takes in a firm shake. “I’m the Chief of Medicine here at Bludhaven Memorial.”

“Chief?” Dick laughs, already feeling the worm of anxiety wiggle around in his gut. “Well, I sure hope you’re here to tell me I’m in perfect health, Dr.Hammot.”

The polite smile on the man’s face dips at that. “I wish that were true, Mister Grayson.”

“Richard is fine.”

“Richard, then,” Dr.Hammot amends, clicking at something on his computer. “Your previous physician was Dr.Yasmine, right?”

“Yeah,” Dick says, sitting back into his chair. He’s cold and the seat is hard. “What happened to her?”

“There’s no need to worry, Richard. I assure you she’s alright. It’s just that she specializes in family medicine and your results, well, it’s better to show you.”

He pulls up a few documents on the computer, flicking through a few tabs, before pulling up an image. “When you were with Dr.Yasmine, you took a CT scan in your last appointment. Normally, we can look at the imaging right away and see if anything’s happening that shouldn’t be. However, Dr.Yasmine noticed some things and wanted a second opinion.” 

Dr.Hammot points to several white masses where Dick’s midsection is. “This is your stomach, this smaller mass on the right, and next to it is your spleen. Here, in the upper left quadrant, is your liver. And below that is your pancreas. Do you see?”

Dick nods. “What’s that smaller thing next to it?”

Dr.Hammot’s lips thin as he enlarges the image to where Dick pointed. “This was where Dr.Yasmine requested a second opinion. There’s something called a portal vein, and its main function is to transport blood between your intestines, spleen, gallbladder, and pancreas. At first, that’s what Dr.Yasmine assumed this thin white mass you’re looking at to be. Upon closer inspection though,” the image further enlarges, revealing what looks to be two overlapping masses, “it was clear that wasn’t the case.”

“Is it… Do I have a tumor?” Dick’s voice is breathy and he can feel the blood quickly draining from his face. It is Tuesday afternoon, and he has plans to try out this new Thai restaurant he’d heard great reviews about. This isn’t at all what he’d been expecting.

“Yes,” Dr.Hammot affirms, a beat of silence passing before, “but further testing needs to be done before we can determine if it's benign. We’d need to do a biopsy, which is—”

“I know what a biopsy is,” Dick interrupts, blood pounding beneath the surface of his skin. He’s cold. So cold. “Do you think it’s cancer? Do I have cancer?”

There’s a gentle look on the man’s face, placating. “You don’t have any records of a family history of cancer, but there’s no way to tell at this stage, Richard.  I’d need to take some kind of tissue sample before I can give you an exact answer.”

“What would you need to do to get that sample?” Dick’s mind is running a mile a minute. It’s all happening too fast.

“We would need to schedule you for a surgery; the tumor is too deep to do any kind of surface biopsy. It’d be non-invasive, just a small incision to…”

Dick zones out the rest of the explanation, too focused on the implications. Surgery? For cancer? No, not confirmed cancer, just the possibility of it. A tumor, covering part of his pancreas and portal vein. Things he literally cannot live without. It’s a tumor, small, barely the size of a nickel from the looks of it, and there shouldn’t be anything to worry about. He’s healthy, has been healthy and tumor free for his entire life. But. Surgery. A biopsy to tell if he’s got fucking cancer or if his body is just so goddamn healthy it’s growing extra cells. What was he going to tell Bruce? God, what was he going to tell anyone ? He can’t think straight, his mind is running around too many things, and he needs time. He just needs some time to think. 

“How soon would we need to do… this?” Dick asks, staring hard at the scans on the computer screen.

“While I don’t think the tumor is life threatening, I would recommend getting this checked out as soon as possible, Richard. This isn’t something you want to wait on.”

Blowing out a breath, Dick shoves a hand into his hair. “This is a lot, Dr.Hammot. I think, uh, I’d just like some time to process.”

The man nods, eyes kind and face understanding. “Of course. I know this kind of news can be frightening, but Bludhaven Memorial has very capable staff and the newest facilities and technologies. You’re in good hands, Richard.”

Dick gives the doctor a tight smile, nausea building in his head. If he thinks about it too hard, it’s almost like he can feel where the tumor is, pulsating inside of him, squeezing against his organs and trying to kill —

Dr.Hammot hands him a sheet. “On here is the hospital’s number as well as my own information. Call us when you’re ready to talk about scheduling a biopsy. All the information about what that would include is on there, so please call me if you have any questions. Do you?”

Dick blinks, startled from his spiral. “Huh?”

“Do you have any questions for me?”

“Oh,” Dick says, barely glancing at the sheet in his hand. It’s shaking. He folds it and shoves it into his pocket. “No. Not right now.”

“Okay,” Dr.Hammot nods, light and easy. “Call me if you do and when you’re ready for a biopsy. It was good to meet you, Richard.” He holds out a hand, and Dick can barely bring himself to shake it.

“Yeah,” he murmurs. “You too.”

Dick goes home  in a blur. Unlocks his apartment and sits down. He pulls out the creased sheet of paper, stares at it for a minute, and then places it gently on the kitchen counter. He goes to his laptop, booting up the search engine and types in: tumor.

221,000,000 results.

Related Health Conditions: Stomach cancer. Glioblastoma. Brain tumor.

Dick swallows, rubbing at his forehead. His apartment has never been the most well kept, but all of its appliances worked well. The A/C must be broken. A fine sweat is building on his brow.

He types in: tumor near pancreas.

38,300,000 results.

People also ask: How serious is a tumor on the pancreas?

Dick clicks on it. Reads: Third leading cause of death in the United States. Rare. Only 8.5% of patients with pancreatic cancer are alive five years after diagnosis.

His mouth goes dry. He feels like he’s going to throw up.

Quickly, he goes to the search bar again. Types in: how many people have pancreatic cancer.

47,200,000 results.

The American Cancer Society estimates pancreatic cancer in the United States for this year to be about 60,430 people. 48,220 people will die of pancreatic cancer.

He does the math in his head. 80% mortality rate. 

Dick closes his eyes. Tries to breathe. His lungs hurt. His heart hurts. He—

Types in: success rate of cancer treatments.

232,000,000 results

Approximately 25% to 50% of new cancer treatments that reach the stage of assessment in RCT’s will prove successful.

Below that: People also ask, What percent of chemo patients survive?

Five years after treatment, 47% of those who got chemo were still alive. The five-year survival rate was 39% among those who did not undergo chemo.

Less than a half chance of survival. If he gets treatment, he only increases his chances by 8%. These are averages though, for normal people who have led normal lives. Dick isn’t normal. He doesn’t know if it’s a good or a bad thing in this case. His fingers are going numb.

Types in: effects of cancer treatment. Frowns. 

Goes back and retypes: effects of pancreatic cancer treatment.

50,700,000 results

Clicks on an article. Reads:

Treatments can cause digestive problems. More than half pancreatic cancer patients experience some sort of cancer-related fatigue. Certain chemotherapy medicines can damage a patient's peripheral nerves, which causes neuropathy. Some surgeries and therapies can cause appetite changes, making it difficult for the patient to keep a healthy weight and better tolerate treatment.

Damned if he does, damned if he doesn’t. It would change his entire life. He’d have to request time off from the P.D. He’d have to tell Bruce about it, probably have to stay at the Manor after surgeries. He’d have to put a hold on everything. He’d have to stop being Nightwing. He’d have to stay home and watch everyone throw themselves into danger, and he’d have to lay there and watch it happen. Treatment would- treatment would destroy his entire life. He— He can’t—

Dick slams his laptop closed, roughly pushing back his hair and breathing harshly. He needs to calm down. This is how people get sucked into those Wiki-Med articles and scare themselves into an early death. He’s not a doctor, and he hasn’t even been officially diagnosed yet. He doesn’t even know if he has cancer, much less pancreatic cancer. All he knows right now is that there’s a tumor resting on his portal vein and it might be attached to his pancreas.

He can’t jump to conclusions.

But the ball is already gaining speed in its descent, and Dick can’t get his heart to slow down. The wrinkled paper taunts him on the tiled counter, a reminder of the unknowns he’s facing. He hates it. He hates the unknowns. 

It’s too much. It’s all too much. He can’t deal with a diagnosis right now, he has too much on his plate to even consider the thought. He’s still looking into the Court of Owls, the freaky cult that apparently wants him dead. He’s still attempting to analyze the blood samples he’d taken from his fight with that assassin, still trying to figure out where the knives he’d taken were manufactured, still trying to keep up with Bludhaven, with its police force, still trying to check in with Gotham, with Bruce, with his family, trying to be Richard Grayson, be Dick Grayson, still trying to do this and he just—

He can’t handle anything more right now. Especially not this.

He just can’t so he waits. And waits.

 (Knows that the wait is killing him)

It’s a month before he schedules another appointment.

1 Year and 3 Months Before Extraction

“Are you sure this is alright?”

“Yes, it’s fine, Dr.Hammot. I can’t come in right now anyway.” Dick doesn’t say why. It doesn’t have anything to do with his sudden fear of hospitals or any of the bruises on his right side.

“This isn’t the kind of discussion one has over the phone though, Richard. If today doesn’t work for you, we can move it back to tomorrow or even later tonight.”

“It’s fine. Tell me what you found. Please.”

Dr.Hammot sighs. “If you’re sure?”

“Yes, I promise.”

“Okay.” A pause. “You recall we did another CT scan before we biopsied?” Dick hums in response. “It’s not good, Richard. The tumor has grown to about three centimetres and it’s spreading more over into your pancreas.”

“But that doesn’t have to be a bad thing, right?” Dick tries to reason, an edge hitching his voice. “You said it could be benign. We could remove it without issue, right?”

Dr.Hammot sighs again. “I’m afraid it won’t be that simple. I got the biopsy results back today. I’m so sorry, Richard. It’s cancer.”

Dick can’t speak. Can’t get the words to form on his tongue.

“It’s still in relatively early stages,” Dr.Hammot continues, oblivious to the silence or perhaps all too aware of it. “We can talk about some treatment plans, ways to lessen its growth. It’s a good thing we caught it this early, Richard. It’s still curable.”

“What are my options?” Dick croaks out.

“We could try ablation treatments, but the size of the cancer might be an issue. Radiation would lessen it, if you wanted to try either. If you don’t want to do surgery, there’s chemo that could be followed by immunotherapy. You have a lot of options at your disposal and I think this would be better discussed if you were to come to the—”

“I can’t,” Dick interrupts, voice thick, “do that. I can’t afford to do any of those procedures.”

“There are some programs available if cost is an issue.”

“No, it’s not about the money. I just— I can’t be out of commission for that long. I need to be at my best. Chemo would- would take me out and I can’t afford to be out, okay? I can’t do that.”

“Richard, without treatment, your cancer is only going to get worse. I understand if you're apprehensive about it all, I do, but I think you should seriously consider what’s available. Please, come back to Memorial. I’ll be able to explain these things to you better and we can figure out a plan for you.”

“How long do I have left to live?”

The man blows out a breath into the receiver, heavy. “It's too early to be thinking about that, Richard. You’re young and healthy and strong. I don’t—”

“How long?”

“With treatment, I would give an estimate of eight or nine years. We might be able to get rid of the cancer entirely before then though, and you won’t have to worry about it after.”

“And without treatment? If I don’t do any of it?”

“Richard, I really—”

“Please . ”

“I mean, with the kind of growth rate we’ve seen in just a month… Richard, I don’t want to scare you with this. It’s still early, you have time, and together we can begin planning out a course of action, a treatment plan. If you don’t and forgo it all, I just…” 

Dick’s heart beats twice. The room gets smaller and smaller and smaller. He’s suffocating. Then,

“Two years, Richard. Two years at most is my estimate. I’m sorry.”
Notes:

    i told you guys the plot would be plotting didn't i? skjfhsk we're jumping around a lot in terms of timeline, so be careful ahah

    Please let me know what you thought!

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Comments (300) 

Kudos

bluespark3, Srry_too_sleepy, Tacoturtlemj, 000_lfd_000, Iz_likes_foxes, cinnamilk, dachshundsruletheworld, utahLee, unrelenting_nightmares, CrimsonCompute17, Dendyseba, xaymak, ScarlettHerman, Jincania, EmptyPhase, Nightwingisiconic5, Marythegoldenfish, Gizaquiz, malachitegreenice, Kalmaegi, Monyli, eggman, I_am_confused_really, Ilgas, tisajest, Ethereal_Potato, NaruWasTaken, anfjcidj, MalSawyer, Mitsuki04, AguiMora, Wpoco_loco, DallasLyfe, rockflagandeagles, Bexine, KallistoKat, ChocoElly, INSOMNI4, RichardPeter, SolidifiedJoy, OnyxKaiTurner, Garden_Eel, inkwingsagain, vkoolovely, notdumbjustmentallyill, ao3ismytraumaandtherapy, MoonlightFlora, hyssop, whackypotato, godbones, and 646 more users as well as 497 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment

Note:
    All fields are required. Your email address will not be published.
Guest name
Guest email

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.402.2
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

