

    Main Content

Archive of Our Own betaArchive of Our Own

Log In

    Fandoms
    Browse
    Search
    About

    Work Search tip: austen words:10000-50000 sort:title 

     
    Skip header

Actions

    Chapter by Chapter Comments Share Download 

Work Header

Rating:

        General Audiences 

Archive Warnings:

        Graphic Depictions Of ViolenceMajor Character Death 

Fandoms:

        Danny PhantomDCU 

Relationships:

        John Constantine & Danny FentonClockwork & Danny FentonDanny Fenton & Vlad MastersAncients & Danny FentonDanny Fenton & Jason ToddDanny Fenton/Jason ToddBatfamily Members & Billy BatsonBilly Batson & Danny FentonBatfamily Members & Danny FentonDanny Fenton & Ember McLainDanny Fenton & Johnny 13 & KittyDanny Fenton & Fright KnightPariah Dark & Danny FentonJohnny 13/Kitty (Danny Phantom)Ember McLain/SkulkerClockwork/Pariah Dark 

Characters:

        Danny FentonJohn Constantine 

Additional Tags:

        John Constantine is Danny Fenton's ParentBad Parents Jack and Maddie FentonDead Jack and Maddie FentonDead Jazz FentonDead Danielle "Dani" PhantomVlad Masters RedemptionParental Clockwork (Danny Phantom)Parental Vlad MastersFamily BondingFamily FluffGhost Zone (Danny Phantom)Ghost Zone Politics (Danny Phantom)Mentioned Sam MansonMentioned Tucker FoleyGhost King Danny FentonDanny Fenton-centricBAMF Danny FentonHurt Danny FentonDanny Fenton is a workaholicDanny Fenton is Trying His BestCryptid Danny FentonProtective Danny FentonDanny Fenton Needs A HugDanny Fenton Gets a Hugthe major character death is dannyAnti-Ecto Acts (Danny Phantom) 

Language:
    English 
Stats:

    Published:
        2023-10-01
    Updated:
        2023-10-13
    Words:
        21,161
    Chapters:
        10/28
    Comments:
        383
    Kudos:
        3,662
    Bookmarks:
        1,223
    Hits:
        52,854

Soulbound
KingLvffy
Summary:

    danny phantom was many things.

    he was the ghost king, king of the infinite realm, the boy king. he was the great one, the savior of the ghost zone. he was the ghost child, the halfa, he was sir phantom.
    and he was danny, a boy who died at fourteen, a friend, a brother...a son.

    but he wasn't just any son...he was the son of john constantine...and it was time they found each other.

    in which one of danny's duties as king of the infinite realm includes looking over the souls that belong to his realm and...john constantine is one of those souls. danny decides...he doesn't want to own the disaster of a soul that is john constantine so he decides to return it to him...and in doing so...father and son meet.

Notes:

    For docmartins.
    Inspired by I Just Wanna Talk by foldingfacets
    Inspired by We've been trying to reach you about your soul's extended waranty by JoyLess_NightSky

    WHY DID I DO THIS TO MYSELF???? SCHOOL IS OVERWHELMING ME WHY DID I PUBLISH THIS GAWD DAMN-

Chapter 1
Chapter Text

As king Danny was in charge of souls residing in the Infinite Realm as well as the souls that had one foot in his kingdom, essentially people who had sold their souls to residents of the Infinite Realm.

As managing the souls destined for his realm was part of his duties Danny often found himself in his library. The library was practically a world of its own, containing every piece of literature that had existed and would exist.

Danny would often get lost in the aisles of bookshelves, reading the words of old and the words of maybe. But that was besides the point.

There was a section of the library that contained the files of every soul that belonged to the Infinite Realm, that's where Danny was now, looking through the seemingly never ending files, files that would grow every moment.

"What are you doing, my young king?" A familiar voice called out as a familiar ghost, looming and majestic, strode toward the nook the boy king found himself in.

"You know what I'm doing, Clockwork," Danny hummed, attention completely devoted to the file of a soul intrinsically familiar to him, "You always do."

"You're right, of course, my young king," Clockwork chuckled, eyes shining with mirth as he looked to the boy he saw as his own, "I was merely giving you the opportunity to lie."

"I know I lie a lot but I don't do it just for fun," Danny snorted derisively, meeting his dear friend's gaze.

Clockwork, in his middle aged man form, merely arched a brow in an unimpressed manner.

"Okay, so I lie for fun, it doesn't mean I do it all the time," Danny rolled his eyes goodnaturedly.

"How have you been, my boy?" Clockwork's voice softened.

"..." Danny sobered suddenly, heaving a heavy sigh, "I'll be okay," He said.

"It's only been a year, Daniel, you needn't hurry the grieving process."

"'m not!" Danny snapped suddenly, "I mean," He chuckled and calmed himself, "I'm not."

Clockwork merely blinked blankly at his king.

"Oh, so you're not throwing yourself into work as a distraction from your loss?"

"There's no time to mourn," Danny grumbled, "Nor is there any need."

"You lost your family, Daniel."

"Yes," Danny lamented, "But they have found Peace, they've moved on, why should I not?"

"Daniel-"

"Do you need something?" Danny's voice was harder and colder than usual, a steeliness in his eyes.

"...No," Clockwork confessed, "I have something for you."

"It's not my deathday, is it?" Danny joked.

"No," Clockwork smiled ruefully, "But it is your birthday."

Danny faltered, gaze immediately snapping out the window, looking to the city streets below him where his people were celebrating Samhain.

"The veil between our worlds is particularly thin tonight, my king," Clockwork spoke, "Our people are crossing over in celebration of their king."

"They're celebrating the Holliday," Danny corrected.

"No," Clockwork said, "They celebrate you."

"..." Danny was speechless as he always was when he was forced to confront how beloved he was by his people.

"I know you want not to celebrate so...I have some more work for you, if you want?"

"..." Danny softened, eyes crinkling as he smiled gratefully to his friend, "That sounds lovely," Danny said, "Thank you...for understanding...for always understanding."

"I have been watching over you for every moment of your existence. You are mine more than you are anyone else's. If I did not understand you after all this time...I would have no right to call myself your guardian."

Danny softened and set down the files he was looking at, rising to his feet and moving forward with a fever of desperation, flinging his arms around Clockwork.

"I love you," Danny choked out the words.

"I love you," Clockwork whispered, hugging the boy tightly, "Eternally."

After a while of hugging the duo broke apart and Clockwork presented Danny with some paperwork.

"This one," Clockwork spoke, handing Danny a specific file, "His soul would be pertinent to study more intently."

"'Constantine, John,' eh?" Danny read the name on the file before flipping it open, "Alright, Mr. Occult Detective...let's see what you're all about."

 

 

to me this art was a perfect representation of danny in his library
Chapter 2
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

"'Constantine, John,' eh? Alright, Mr. Occult Detective...let's see what you're all about."

The file contained some spark notes of the man's life.

He was born and raised in Liverpool, having also spent quite a bit of time in Northampton and London in his youth. The file saw fit to note the man had a accent that was a shifting combination of the three places.

The file dictated that the man first sold his soul as a child and the most recent time he sold his soul was to a gluttony demon for a burger.

Danny blanched as he finished reading that portion of the file, astounded by the human's flippancy towards his own life.

Danny hummed as he moved onto the facts contained within the file.

Real Name: John Constantine

Gender: Male

Height: 6'0" (183cm)

Weight: 158lbs (72kg)

Hair: Blond

Eyes: Blue, but like the blue of Satoru Gojo's, infinite, endless, piercing, brilliant blue. The same eyes as the Boy King, the Great King.

Danny quirked an amuse brow as his eyes flittered across the page, eyeing with amusement, the elaborate description of the shade of his eyes, not quite making the connection that the 'Boy King' in question was him.

Affiliation: The Justice League · the Trenchcoat Brigade · Mucous Membrane (formerly) · Newcastle Crew (formerly) · Cult of the Cold Flame (formerly)

Danny let out a derisive snort at the man's bands listed in his affiliations.

Base of Operations: House of Mystery

This part interested Danny as he often found himself in that very same house.

The first time he had come to the Infinite Realms the House of Mystery, existing in two planes of existence simultaneously, the Dreaming and Earth, had called to Danny. The House had drawn the boy to it, to it's embrace, the boy often hiding from his responsibilities in it.

Danny hadn't been back in quite some time as he dived into his responsibilities, neglecting his feelings and grief.

Danny hummed to himself as he continued reading.

Occupation: Magician · Occult Detective

Alignment: Neutral

Identity: Public Identity

Citizenship: British

Marital Status: Single

Next of Kin: Daniel Constantine.

Danny huffed in amusement as he read the name, appreciating the coincidences in their names.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

"Tick-Tock," Danny addressed Clockwork casually, entering the gardens with a pep in his step he wasn't even conscious of, "You think I should use Constantine's son as a conversation starter?"

"I do not think that wise, my king," Clockwork said, "As Constantine knows not of his son's existence."

"Wait, seriously?" Danny rose a brow, "It doesn't say that in the file."

"But, you do intend to speak to him?" Clockwork had a certain...hope in his voice.

"Well, sure," Danny shrugged, "I mean, I don't want to own this soul. He's, well, frankly, he's a disaster."

"That he is," Clockwork lamented, "I have...another portion of the file...if you want to see it? It's a collection of his abilities?"

"Yeah, that'd be great! I can maybe barter with spells to return custody of his soul? Or, I dunno, something like that."

Danny beamed as Clockwork handed him the rest of the papers belonging to the file, Danny smiling cheerily as he sat on the soft grass, surrounded by eternally blooming and dying flowers in Clockwork's garden, the Ancient looking to him with fondness as he continued to tend to his flowers.

Powers

Magic

"You've dabbled in magic yourself, haven't you?" Clockwork inquired curiously.

"I'm the Ghost King," Danny snorted, "Of course I've dabbled in magic."

"I meant before your death, my dear boy, you had an affinity for magic in your youth, did you not?"

"...Yeah," Danny smiled ruefully, "Maddie...she disciplined me whenever she saw me doing card tricks and levitation spells. I mean, it's not like it was the kind of magic the homo magi use, I wasn't casting real spells."

Clockwork barely refrained from facepalming as his young king had been casting real spells at that point in time.

As Clockwork directed his attention back to his flowers, Danny directed his back to the file.

Magic

Constantine is a highly skilled sorcerer, having been practicing magic since he was a teen. He has claimed to be a magician of the fourth degree, however he has cast spells that exceed this level of magic. Constantine is skilled in various forms of magic, most notably Black Magic.

    Astral Projection
    Chlorokinesis

"Whoa, like Undergrowth?" Danny seemed impressed.

    Chronokinesis

"...Like...time manipulation?"

"Constantine's ability is nowhere near my level," Clockwork spoke, "But he knows a blood magic spell that allows him to temporarily stop time."

"Impressive," Danny hummed, "For a human."

"Indeed," Clockwork chuckled.

    Cosmic Awareness
    Demon Summoning
    Dimensional Travel
    Divination

"Professor Trelawney core," Danny muttered.

    Disintegration
    Enhanced Senses

"What, like he can hear really well or something?"

"This means he can moreso sense the presence of magic and he can see supernatural creatures that most can't."

"Oh," Danny nodded in understanding.

    Energy Construct Creation

"I don't really know what this means?" Danny said dubiously.

"It's like the shields you conjure," Clockwork hummed.

"Ooooh," Danny nodded in understanding.

    Energy Projection
        Eldritch Blast
        Electro-Blast
        Photokinesis

"Those are made up words," Danny blanched.

"All words are made up," Ghost Writer piped up.

"Dude, go away," Danny blanched at him, "Can't you see I'm spending time with Clockwork? You can bother me later."

"Rude," Ghost Writer scoffed, hurrying off.

    Excorcism

Danny was otherwise silent as he 'oofed.'

    Illusion Casting

"Your f-Constantine's illusion casting is quite impressive."

"How impressive?"

"He once cast a universe wide illusion."

"That time when the world was coated in darkness and decay?" Danny gasped in surprise, "That was him?"

"That was him," Clockwork confirmed.

"Wicked!" Danny gasped, "I thought I might've just been hallucinating due to blood loss."

    Infection

"That's...a broad ability."

"Constantine can use a spell to poison the ice in a person's drink, killing them."

"And that's...an oddly specific use of that ability," Danny blinked blankly.

    Invisibility
    Mind Control
    Necromancy
    Power Absorption

"Like redirection?" Danny wondered.

"More like stealing abilities," Clockwork corrected.

    Pyrokinesis
        Thermal-Blast

"What's the difference between 'pyrokinesis' and 'thermal-blast?'"

"Constantine's 'thermal-blast' is shooting powerful streams of flames from his eyes."

"Damn," Danny drawled, impressed.

    Sigil Magic
    Spirit Ward Creation

"Like runes?" Danny wondered.

"I suppose, yes, it's like runes. You are adept at runes, are you not, my child?"

"It was somethin' Vlad never dabbled in," Danny smirked, "You know how I love feeling superior to him."

"You are superior, in every way."

"Damn right," Danny grinned.

    Telekinesis
    Teleportation
    Telepathy

Abilities

    Deception

"Who wrote this file?" Danny arched a brow.

"I did," Clockwork mused.

"You a DND fan?"

Clockwork let out a startled bark of a laugh.

"Constantine is a con artist and expert negotiator, often using these skills as opposed to his magical ones."

"He has such tremendous power...and he'd rather use his cunning?" Danny looked awed.

"Yes."

"Incredible," He gasped.

    Escapology

"Houdini core," Danny snickered.

    Hand-to-Hand Combat (Basic)
    Hypnosis
    Indomitable Will

"Clockwork, what does this even mean?" Danny deadpanned.

"His sense of self and his will power is absolute," Clockwork spoke, "He can withstand possession."

    Intimidation

"I require elaboration."

"Whatever do you mean?"

"I mean, what, is he just intimidating?"

"Yeah," Clockwork shrugged.

    Investigation

"What like, detective skills?"

"Exactly."

"Alright," Danny shrugged.

    Multiligualism

"What languages?" Danny wondered.

"He's not fluent in French but he does know a decent amount, he's also fluent in British Sign Language."

"Mmm," Danny nodded in comprehension.

    Occultism
    Prestidigitation

"Wow, what a fancy way of saying he's a stage magician as well."

"You know me," Clockwork chuckled, "I like being fancy."

    Singing

"The bands," Danny recalled with an amused smile.

"Now that you know so much about Constantine what are you going to do to return his soul to him?"

"I dunno...maybe scare him into a trade?" Danny suggested with a wide grin, showing off his sharp pearly whites.

"His soul in exchange for what?"

"Maybe one of his illusion spells? My ectoplasm illusions are...not the same...I want to be able to see the stars wherever I go."

"That sounds wonderful, my young king."

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

A few hours later led to Danny preparing to visit John Constantine.

"Are you nervous at all?" Clockwork, in his elderly man form, wondered, watching Danny conjure a portal that would take him directly to the occult detective.

"Why would I be?"

"...Well, everything's about to change, isn't it?" Clockwork mused.

"You know something," Danny cocked his head to the side, eyes wide and curious, "What is it?"

"I merely mean, this is the first time you're engaging in a deal...for ownership of a soul."

"You're always such a worrier," Danny smiled and he gently rested a hand on the other ghost's face, "And I love you for that," He spoke with uncharacteristic vulnerability, "I cherish that...but you don't have to. I'll be okay."

"I know you will," Clockwork leaned down and kissed Danny's forehead, before stepping away, letting the boy go.

Danny waved goodbye before turning and flying through the portal he'd made, missing the tender smile on Clockwork's face as he watched him go.
Notes:

    just imagining clockwork writing john's file and comparing his eyes to gojo's and danny's

    danny: this guy and i have the same eyes? nice coincidence
    danny: this guys son name is daniel? lol what a coincidence thats MY name
    danny: lol this guy likes magic? so do i what a fun little coincidence
    clockwork: screaming and ripping out hair

Chapter 3
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

John was bored out of his damn mind, this meeting had been one the Bat had all but dragged him to, John sitting at the conference table, arms crossed as he ignored everyone reporting on events that had taken place in their respective cities.

On top of being bored...John was antsy. He hadn't slept well last night, plagued by...dreams.

It wasn't that he'd had nightmares the night before...he usually had nightmares. No, the dreams the night prior, the dreams that plagued him even now were of a...different sort. The dream...was of a life he could never have.

John laughed.

He laughed with his whole self, chest heaving, lungs full, laughter bubbling and spilling out of him.

His laughter was free and joyful and beautiful.

A laugh joined his.

The laugh was soft and delighted and so completely free.

The dream widened to reveal John was on a playground...pushing a boy, only appearing to be three, on a swing.

A boy...with his mother, Mary Ann's, black locks...and his own piercing blue eyes. A boy he knew in his heart and soul...was his son.

The boy continued to laugh and John did too.

This moment, this dream was so sickeningly domestic.

John felt such warmth and love and happiness as he pushed the boy, his boy, on the swing.

Back and forth, it was such a simple act, but John was happier than he'd...than he'd ever been.

The dream shifted and John was lying in a field of wildflowers, pink and yellow, the Alps in the distance.

He was on his back, his hands under his baby boy's armpits, extending him into the air before bringing him back down to his chest, kissing his babies forehead, repeating the process again and again.

"My baby," He whispered, pressing his lips to the child's cheek, "My baby."

John blinked the memory of the dream away, hands curling into fists.

He remembered how that morning...he had awoke with wet cheeks. He had never cried from a dream before but this one...so bright and beautiful so joyful...had made him shed tears.

John was angry today, angry and melancholic, longing for a life he could never have, a life he didn't even know he yearned for. And he yearned for this life, for a son with his eyes and a smile that could rival the sun, a child to call his own, to love unconditionally and who would love him in turn.

He was ignorant of the Ancient of Time and the Ancient of Sleep sharing triumphant grins behind him, their foreshadowing having been effective, the spirits returning to their king's castle moments later.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

The meeting droned on and on and on, John getting increasingly bored and increasingly angry.

"Alright, are we done here?" He cut off Bats who was in the midst of reporting some unusual, maybe even supernatural, activity going on in Gotham.

"Are we keeping you from something, Constantine?" The whites of the Bat's cowl, narrowed into a glare.

John opened his mouth but faltered as in the center of the conference table a portal began to form. It was almost as if the fabric of space and time were being unzipped, ripped open to reveal a portal of swirling nebulae.

"What the hell?!" Flash gawked in alarm, everyone looking to the forming portal with wide eyes, well, everyone save for the Bat who was looking on with even more narrowed eyes.

John nearly staggered back at the overwhelming presence of death that pooled out of the portal.

"Back!" John commanded, "Everyone back!"

The seriousness in his voice encouraged the others to listen to him, everyone keeping their distance from the rip in the fabric of reality.

The portal pulsed with energy and John knew...the source of the presence of death was coming through.

Sure enough, it did.

The creature that flew through the portal, hovering over the conference table was...hauntingly beautiful.

They had celeste blue flesh, with flowing white gravity defying locks. His eyes were a glowing toxic green. He stood tall and regal, exuding power and death. He wore a skin tight black tank top turtleneck, with high waisted black pants that seemed to almost have a...rubber quality. Around his waist was a white corset belt and a white cloak, lined in white fur and decorated with frost, lying over his right shoulder, covering his arm completely, connected with a black iron chain to a black leather shoulder guard on his other shoulder.

John looked to the creature that floated out of the portal with wide eyes...everything in him screaming that his soul knew this other one. That their souls were bound through all of time and space, that they were connected.

"John Constantine?" The creature looked right at him.
Notes:

    in this fic john's only child is danny there's no noah or maria or anyone else, just danny

Chapter 4
Notes:

    i tried not to make it super graphic but um, there hella violence in this chapter :/

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

"John Constantine?"

"What do you want?" John asked confrontationally, he couldn't deny that there was a connection between him and this figure, some force pulling him toward the creature but despite that pull that connection this creature was an unknown, this creature was a danger.

"I'm here to talk to you about your soul's extended warrantee," The creature chirped, "I-" The creature faltered suddenly, "Are we in space?"

"Yes?" John faltered.

"One moment please," The creature turned away from John and floated to one of the many windows on the Watchtower.

The creature touched down on the ground silently, wordlessly peering out into the vastness of space. Everyone was continually tense as they warily watched the entity.

John just about had a heart attack when after what felt like an eternity the creature brought its hand up, gingerly pressing its palm to the glass, holding it their, seemingly longing for the stars for what felt like another eternity.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

As Danny peered out at the stars, his stars...he was reminded of the last time he had peered at the stars.

Danny peered intently up at the sky, devoting his attention to the pleiades star cluster, watching the stars burn with warmth and awe beaming within his core.

"Danny!" A familiar voice called out to him.

He turned back, turning away from his telescope, contented smile falling off his face when he saw the stricken look on his sister's face.

"Jazz?" He asked, "What is it?"

"It's Ellie," She said.

Danny's stomach dropped, core sending out signs of distress.

"She...they have her."

"They?" Danny asked, voice dangerously low, "They who?"

"Mom and dad!"

Danny recoiled as if he'd been struck, core screaming in alarm and horror.

"Where?" He shoved aside his distress and terror, voice coming out firm and demanding.

"Downstairs," Jazz said.

"Is she hurt?" He questioned, going ghost, voice coming out more echoey and haunting.

"Not yet but Danny...Danny they plan to vivisect her."

Danny's hand instinctively flew to his own chest where a 'Y' scar resided courtesy of the GIW.

"...They go too far," He murmured.

"...What are you going to do?" Jazz asked hollowly.

"...Something I should have done the moment my heart stopped beating," He breathed out.

...And then he was turning intangible, falling through the roof, through the attic, through his bedroom floor, and falling into the basement. He ignored the portal...the location of his death, churning and bubbling with energy before him, shooting into the darkness of the basement.

As he flew through the air, anger and hatred continued to grow in his core, the sound of Maddie and Jack commenting on the best way to slice through the flesh of 'Phantom's clone.'

He should've killed them when they first boasted over their hatred of ghosts and what they planned to do when they caught one, back before they were even certain of the existence of his kind. He should have killed them when their machine killed him. He should have killed them when they caught Cujo and almost vivisected his beloved animal. He should have killed them when they captured himself, Ember, Johnny, Kitty and Shadow, almost burning the living darkness out of existence. He should have killed them when they captured him and turned him over to the GIW for study.

But he hadn't.

And now...now they had his precious baby sister strapped to some table with plans to cut her open and take out her organs, studying her as she screamed...and screamed...until she'd stop...

Just as he'd done.

"Phantom!" Jack gasped as he burst into the room.

"Care to join your clone?" Maddie sneered with a wicked grin.

"Danny!" Ellie wept with delight.

Danny took note of the electricity pulsing from the metal cuffs pinning her down, the girl barely managing to muffle her sounds of pain as power surged through her.

Rage overtook Danny...and he attacked.

With a booming, guttural scream, the noise a mix between an aborted sob and feral scream...he let forth his Ghostly Wail.

Power crawled out of him, clawing through the air, and throwing Jack and Maddie into the far wall, house immediately beginning to destabilize.

"Danny!"

Ellie cried as Danny raced to her, exhausted by his wail he shifted back into his human form. White hair shifting to black, green eyes bleeding blue.

"Danny?" A weak whisper reached his ears.

Danny rose his head, glaring passively into his father's eyes as he ripped off Ellie's restraints, allowing her to rest for a few moments against the table, girl immediately lurching into his arms, weeping as she clung to him.

"Danny!" She wailed, "Danny!"

She couldn't make a coherent sentence, only stammering and blubbering out her template's name...her king's name...her brother's name

"What...what did you do to our boy?" Maddie's voice broke.

Danny ignored her...a mistake he would hate himself for making for all eternity.

"What did you do to our son?!"

Danny carefully released Ellie.

"C'mon, sweet girl," He moved to help her off the table, "We have to go...this world is no place for us."

"Danny," She whimpered as she moved to take his hand.

Pew (dramatically).

Danny staggered back away from Ellie...a bolt flying through his gut, the path the bullet of energy had taken through him immediately cauterizing.

"Danny!" Ellie screamed in horror.

Danny looked up, eyes blown wide.

"Maddie!" Jack gasped in horror, lunging at his wife and knocking the ectogun out of her hands.

"Give me back my boy!" Maddie wailed, thrashing against Jack's hold on her, "Give me back my son!"

"Danny!" Ellie grabbed Danny as he staggered back, wheezing as he struggled to breath, eyes blown wide, darting around in alarm.

"Stay the fuck back!" Jazz bellowed as she raced into the room, a revolver pointed at Jack and Maddie, their mother immediately lurching back from the weapon, "Oh...Danny," She gasped in horror, looking to her brother in horror, "What've they done?"

"Jazz, stay away from that thin-"

"I said stay back!" Jazz boomed, firing a warning shot next to their parents, the house continuing to shake, pieces beginning to crumble from the basements ceilings, "Ellie get him to the castle."

Ellie sniffled as she wrapped her arm around Danny, limping over to the pulsing portal with him.

"Jazz," Danny rasped, "Leave them."

"Danny, baby," Jack called out, "What...how...?"

"You did this," Jazz hissed lowly, "For years you ignored us for your stupid machine and when it finally started working you didn't even know what it had cost! It killed your son! It killed Danny!"

"No," Jack let out a horrified whimper, Maddie looking on in mute horror.

"You turned him into the creature you loathe and fear and all he did was help!"

"Jazz!" Danny called out to her, the house above them crumbling more and more.

His sister didn't even seem to hear him, consumed by her wrath and sorrow, the girl continuing to berate Jack and Maddie.

"After everything!" She screamed, "Danny insisted there was good in you, when you-when you led to his torture still he believed in you...but you've gone too far this time," She snarled lowly, "I never thought he'd ever give up on you...the way I did when I could barely be considered a child."

"Jazz!" Danny's voice broke as he cried out for her.

The building shook violently, Jazz snapping out of her furious state, head snapping up suddenly as slabs of the ceiling crumbled and fell towards her and her parents.

"No!" Danny threw out his hands, telekinesis thrumming as he held the slabs of ceiling where they were. Danny let out an 'ack' of blood as pain exploded through him.

Jazz immediately tried to scurry away from their parents and toward Danny and Ellie but Danny was growing weaker each moment, the pieces of the ceiling quivering, a piece falling between Danny and Jazz.

"Jazz!" Danny called out helplessly to her.

"This is killing you..." Jazz whispered, "Ellie," She met the young clone's gaze, her own steely and firm, "Get Danny home."

Ellie opened her mouth to protest or refuse to leave her but Jazz's eyes narrowed into a glare.

"Ellie. Go."

The clone stammered but relented, wrapping her arms around Danny.

"No," He struggled against her, barely managing to keep the pieces of their house afloat.

"You're not escaping here!" Maddie raced forward, Jazz shooting her in the shoulder, immediately recocking the revolver, new bullets sliding into their chambers.

Maddie screamed in pain, clutching her shoulder, falling back into Jack's arms.

"Yes," Jazz said coolly, "They are...but you're not...and I'm not."

"No, Jazz! I can hold it!" Danny insisted, "Please, I can hold it!"

"Raise her, Danny," Jazz turned her head, looking over her shoulder, meeting her brother's gaze, "Raise her and protect her...the way I did for you."

"Jazz, pl-"

"Danny."

"I will," Danny swore, blubbering and sobbing, "I will, I promise!"

"I love you, Danny," Jazz had smiled...before turning and firing the revolver once more.

She rose the gun, aiming toward Danny and Ellie...pulling the trigger. The bullet whirled through the air...slamming into the frame of the portal on the other side of the room.

The portal crackled with energy...before it began to suck in on itself like a black hole...before spitting out everything...energy blowing outward from the destroyed portal.

"Jazz!" Danny wailed.

The power of the destruction of the portal exploded outward...slamming into Danny and forcing him into his ghost form...as their home collapsed atop them all.

Danny and Ellie, who had instinctively gone intangible were untouched by the debris...but Jazz and Jack and Maddie...were gone.

Danny was without hope as he flung away the pieces of debris with ease, ignoring the feeling of the hole in his stomach healing, knowing it would be a scar in his human form.

"Oh...oh no, oh, Jazz," Danny was a hysterical mess when he reached his sister.

He looked to her in anguish. Her head was crushed brain matter splattered across the rock, an eye bulging out of her crushed skull, the other sunken in. Her legs were crushed too, almost flat as she lay splayed across the ground.

"No!" He let out a warbled, sob of a cry.

He approached her and carefully slipped his hands under her, pulling her close to him, holding her chest to chest, cradling her close.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Jazz please come back, I'll be good, I'll do anything please...please...please."

Danny had no time to grieve Jazz...as Ellie approached...her emotions consuming her.

"I don't...understand," Ellie said numbly.

Pain pulsed from her core, pain and rage and confusion, sorrow and heartbreak and horror.

"How did this happen? How could this happen?"

It killed Danny to let Jazz go...but he'd made a promise to his sister and he intended to keep it. He set her down gently and turned to Ellie, rising to his feet and wrapping his arms around her, hiding her face from the world.

"I don't-I don't," Ellie began to hyperventilate.

"Ellie, Ellie," Danny rubbed her back soothingly, "Ellie you have to calm down, please-"

"I can't," She let out a wheeze of a hysterical sob, "I can't-I need-I can't-I-Danny, help!"

Horror settled in his core as Danny realized what was happening...her emotions were consuming her. This had happened to him once, when he was first confronted with his demise...the overwhelming emotions had cracked his core and had almost Ended it.

"Ellie, you need to calm down," He shifted into his human form, "Please, you gotta focus on my heart, calm down."

"So-so much pain," She whimpered, clutching Danny tightly, "Pain and loss and-and-I can't."

"Yes, yes you can, please, Ellie, I can't lose you too-"

"I can't take this pain," She wailed in both emotional and physical pain.

Danny looked on in horror as he listened to his sister's core begin to crack.

No, no, no. Danny took Ellie's face in his hands.

"Elli-"

Danny startled, jumping, voice dying in his throat...as he listened to her core shatter, watching as her eyes grew glossy and dull, fixed on his own...mocking him.

"..." Danny looked on in mute horror...holding his dead sister's face in his hands.

Ellie slipped out of his touch, sinking toward the ground, Danny crashing down with her, holding her close, silent and horrified, grief of his own consuming him.

The shifting of debris caught his attention, Danny tearing his gaze away from his dead sister's and to Maddie, who was shoving a slab of debris off of her and Jack, Jack...who had been crushed just like Jazz.

How dare she...how dare Maddie continuing to draw breath in a world where his sister's didn't.

She wasn't unscathed, he noted. Her legs were crushed under debris and her shoulder was bleeding profusely from where Jazz had shot her. Good, he thought venomously.

"You did this."

Danny's voice came out deep and distorted.

"Y̵o̸u̴ ̸ d̸i̵d̷ ̸ t̷h̸i̵s̵!"

His eyes began to burn red as he glared hatefully at Maddie.

"You really are..." Maddie breathed out, looking to Danny, eyes blown wide, "Your father's son."

Danny snarled as he lunged-

Danny snapped himself out of the memory, looking on silently at his stars, watching as all at once countless of them burned and died up...as was their nature.

Everything would die on him, he knew, but his stars...his sisters...he had thought he could cling onto them. This was just reminding him that despite his sheer power...he couldn't have everything.

Danny blinked into awareness, listening passively to the rapidly beating hearts of the nervous heroes behind him, ah, right, he had something to do here, something other than get lost in the past.

He turned back to the heroes, back to the window, eyes raking over the forms of the heroes. Heroes he himself worshiped once before he knew what it actually was to be a hero.

"Forgive my distraction," He hummed, meeting John Constantine's gaze.

"O-of course," The man stumbled over his words.

"Now then."

Danny shifted, hands resting behind his back.

"There's much for us to discuss."

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

John just about had a heart attack when the creature turned its back to the stars, looking right at him.

"Forgive my distraction."

The creature spoke passively, his eyes seemingly peering into John's very soul.

John jolted and immediately Of course this creature of the Infinite Realm was forgiven. John would tell this creature anything it wanted to hear.

"O-of course!" John exclaimed.

The creature before him was dangerous and he would do whatever to appease it, if that meant forgiving it for ignoring him for  anything else John would do it.

"There's much for us to discuss."

Oh, fun.

 

 

"Y̵o̸u̴ ̸ d̸i̵d̷ ̸ t̷h̸i̵s̵!" -- You did this!
Notes:

    to me this art was a perfect visual representation of danny's awe on the watchtower

     

    poor jazz and ellie :( i say as if i didnt write this

     

    danny: having a flashback and an internal breakdown

    john and everyone else thinking hes an eldritch creature (he is but that's beside the point): haha im in danger

Chapter 5
Notes:

(See the end of the chapter for notes.)
Chapter Text

"There's much for us to discuss."

Oh, fun.

"You're here...to talk about my soul," John recalled, voice wavering due to his nerves.

"Mmm, and the details of returning it to you," The creature's glowing green eyes crinkled as the creature smiled at him.

The smile itself was soft but John couldn't help but be terrified of it.

"Re...turning it?" John startled.

"Let's be honest," The creature drawled, "You're kind of a disaster and frankly...I don't want your soul."

"Only the King can return a soul," John blabbered.

"..." The creature blinked expectantly at him.

"You...you're King?"

"King Phantom," The creature dipped his head in greeting.

"..." John looked on with wide eyes before falling to one knee, bowing to the near omnipotent being.

He was tense, eyes blown wide, head bowed, noticing the Justice League following his lead; John Constantine fearing something and showing respect to it definitely warranted the others doing the same.

"Ah, none of that," The creature waved the heroes off, John shakily straightening up.

"What would you want in exchange for my soul?" John asked, subconsciously averting his gaze from the overwhelmingly strong spirit.

"I want a spell," The figure spoke, surprising most of the individuals in the meeting.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

Danny thought it was adorable how the man before him averted his gaze, glancing between Danny and the corner of the room.

"What would you want in exchange for my soul?" John Constantine asked.

Danny hid his exuberance and delight at how this was going. His first time dealing with a soul and he was doing great!

"I want a spell," Danny said.

"...You are king," The homo magi, Zatanna, if Danny wasn't mistaken, spoke up, "Shouldn't every spell in existence be yours?"

"They are, but just because they belong to me does not mean I have mastered them," Danny admitted.

"What spell?" John wondered.

"An illusion spell, a convincing illusion spell. Perhaps like the one you used to convince Darkseid this was a dead universe?"

"What would you want with that kind of spell?" John asked tensely.

Danny hadn't expected the question, and he certainly hadn't expected to reflect on the past. How he and Jazz would lay on the roof, peering up at the stars above. How he and Ellie would fly up into the night sky, Danny showing off his beloved stars. He remembered how he would perform with Ember, her special affects dazzling like convincing stars above them.

Danny hadn't thought about why he wanted the spell before but he knew...he did have an answer.

"I have given up on this world."

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

"I have given up on this world."

Whatever he had been expecting the King to say, it wasn't that.

John flinched a bit at both his words and how he said it, resigned and tired, voice heavy and contemplative.

"But it was once my home."

John tensed, sharing an alarmed glance with Zatanna, noticing the soft and sad smile on Marvel's face.

"The Stars are mine...in every world but I'd like to be able to conjure up fantastical illusions of the stars I looked upon when I was a child. The stars I loved...the stars I taught my sisters about."

"..." Everyone listened in silence, theirs hearts breaking for the eldritch creature, Phantom, John reminded himself, He called himself Phantom.

"...Illusions..." He let out a wry chuckled, "I've never been very good at casting them," Phantom confessed, "But you are."

Before John's eyes the creature hardened again, eyes growing colder, tender smile falling into something more neutral.

"So...what do you say, John Constantine?"

"It's a deal."

The creature nodded in comprehension.

"One spell...for one soul."

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

"One spell...for one soul."

And it was complete, Danny had officially succeeded in his first deal pertaining to souls. Just to finish things up...Danny faltered as his gaze landed on Clockwork who was not so subtly hiding behind Superman, the Ancient in his child form, appearing to be about seven.

"Now let's see, just gotta review some information."

Danny turned intangible, reaching into his stomach and grabbing the file on Constantine he had brought with him, turning it tangible and pulling it out of his stomach. He could have just summoned it to his hand but he enjoyed the uncomfortable shifting of the heroes before him.

"King Phantom," Captain Marvel spoke up, "...Can I ask...why John's soul? Why return his? I know you said it's 'cause he's a disaster but...is that really all there is to it?"

"Don't mess with a good thing," John hissed lowly to Marvel.

Amusement thrummed through Danny as he watched the exchange.

"You ask an interesting question, William," Danny lamented, not noticing the stricken look that flashed across Captain Marvel's face, "You have weekly tea sessions with the Lady Persephone, do you not?"

"I...do."

"And what has she told you of my council?"

"Your closest advisor and most trusted ally is Kronos."

"He goes by Clockwork now, but yes, he is the one who introduced me to Constantine's soul."

"My grandfather?" Wonder Woman asked tensely.

"He is proud of all of your achievements," Danny said causally, "Now, to get this done..."

"Right," John nodded.

"Just to clarify these are all your current abilities, no?"

The man accepted the page the King of the Infinite Realm, eyes trailing down the paper, scanning the list of his abilites.

He flushed a little at 'deception' but it seemed like everything was right-

"Why does this list singing as one of my abilities?" Constantine deadpanned.

"Is it not an ability of yours?" Danny merely arched a brow.

"I mean, I sing, but I'm not like that Music Meister bloke."

"So? It's an ability, it goes in the abilities section."

"Righto," Constantine simply shrugged.

"Now then, if you sign here and I sign here," Danny pointed at the contract he and Ghost Writer had worked on together, "The deal will be final."

Constantine accepted the contract and read through all the writing, something akin to pride blossoming within Danny that the mortal was reading the fine print, not that he was trying to deceive him. Danny didn't know why it had made him so proud it just...did.

Danny's gaze was torn away from the man and to Clockwork, who had shifted into his teenage form, a mischievous grin on his face as he approached...and. Danny didn't know why but Clockwork subtly - as in Danny was staring directly at him - slipped the first page of the file out of Danny's hands, paper fluttering onto the table, sliding across it to Batman.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

"What's that?" John wondered, idly eyeing a new piece of paper that slid over to the Bat.

"It appears to be some more information about you," Batman remarked gruffly, "Real Name: John Constantine, Gender: Male, Height: 6'0" (183cm), Weight: 158lbs (72kg), Hair: Blond."

"This is really the information the Infinite Realm cares about?" John arched a brow.

"We're thorough," The King remarked.

"So thorough his eyes are described as, 'Blue, but like the blue of Satoru Gojo's, infinite, endless, piercing, brilliant blue. The same eyes as the Boy King, the Great King?'" Flash blurted out, having risked his future by taking the paper away from Bruce.

"John, what's the 'the Trenchcoat Brigade' and the 'Mucous Membrane' and 'Newcastle Crew?'" Marvel wondered, reading over Flash's shoulder.

"None of your business," John bristled, flushing at the reminders of his past.

"It says here your marital status is single," Superman read, "And that your-"

"Wait, don't read that," The King tried to interject.

"Next of Kin is listed as 'Daniel Constantine.'"

John paused, the world falling silent around him, all noise muffled, eyes wide.

"What?"

"Yeah, right here, Daniel Constantine," Superman continued to look at the contract.

"I didn't know you had a son," Marvel frowned.

"..."

"Neither did he," The King of the Infinite Realm commented, leaning John to his shock.

He remembered, in that moment, his dream the night before, dreaming of a child, a boy all his. Had...had Dream been trying to tell him he did have a son? No...no, no, no.

"Is this...real?" He looked to Phantom with eyes blown wide.

"...Yes."

"I have...I have a son?"

"Yes."

"His name is Daniel?"

"A fine name," Phantom remarked.

"Who-who is he? Where is he? How old is he? Who-who-"

"Who is his mother?" Phantom continued.

"Yes, that!" John swallowed heavily.

"I must admit I don't know anything about your son, it was you I wished to deal with not him but know...you have my wish of luck in finding him."

And then...Phantom left as he had come, lifting off the ground and floating through a portal, there one moment...gone the next.

John fell silent, mute, eyes blown wide, brain going a mile a minute.

He could hear his blood rushing in his ears and his heart pounding and...warmth and hope blossomed within him,

This was real...this was real.

He had a son out there...somewhere and he would find him...he had to find him.

"John?" Bruce not Batman, even if he was in the cowl, rested a hand on John's shoulder, "What do you want to do now?"

"...Find my son."
Notes:

    clockwork: being 'sneaky'
    danny literally watching him:

    billy aka the only one john rlly talks to: feelings hurt cus he didn't know john had a kid
    john who also didnt know he had a kid:
    danny: surprise it's a boy?
    clockwork: yOURE THE BOY!

    next chapter: danny continuing to not figure it out while tim begins the process of tracking him down

Chapter 6
Notes:

    thank you @Kiraro for these glorious pictures

    aLSO THANK YOU FOR INTRODUCING ME TO THIS GLORIOUS WEBSITE

    https://imgflip.com/memegenerator

    im gonna be using this like crazy

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

"John? What do you want to do now?"

"...Find my son."

And so...the search for Daniel Constantine began.

"Do you have any ideas as to who the mother could be?" Clark immediately snapped into investigative journalist mode.

"I'm compiling a simulation to search for anyone with partials of your DNA," Barry snapped into CSI and forensic scientist mode.

"Guys, guys!" John tried to cut in but his voice was drowned out by the others.

"Would the child have a magic signature similar to Constantines?" Bruce snapping into detective mode and murmuring to himself was lost in all the crowd of voices.

"Let him speak!" Billy boomed.

John sent Billy a grateful smile, knowing the boy wasn't usually a huge fan of raising his voice.

"I need help finding my son, but I can't...even think right now with you lot pestering me so...so just calm down."

"He's right," Victor spoke, John getting a brief moment of superiority at the cyborg's comment, "We need to handle this calmly and rationally."

"Hi, sorry," Guy piped up, "I know this doesn't really relate to your kid but...what's that?" He pointed to the middle of the table where John's file and contract had once resided and in its place a post-it note now did.

Barry zipped over to the table, ripping the post-it off of it, reading it and gawking, speeding over to John and handing him the note for the man himself to read.

Batman's idea and Zatanna's magic will help you find Daniel

- CW (｡◕‿◕｡)

"..." John blanched as he looked at the smiley face next to the signature.

"Wait, Batman, what was your idea?" Zatanna wondered, having read the note and ignored the drawing, looking to the man.

Bruce, whose memory was currently being messed with by the bad luck magic of a sentient shadow...had no idea.

"Red Robin's smarter than me," He blurted out passively, "I'm sure he'd have a better idea."

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

Danny stepped out of his portal and into his throne room, turning to Clockwork who was now in his young man form.

"Clockwork," Danny rose a brow at his dear friend, "Was there a reason you behaved as you did in the Justice League meeting?"

"Of course."

"Are you going to share with me?"

"Why do you think I'd make Constantine aware of the existence of his son?"

"I don't know," Danny shrugged, "You're the one who told me not to use the kid as an opener 'cause he didn't know 'bout 'im."

"Think harder, Daniel."

"Is the kid important?"

"Very much so."

"Then, I dunno, maybe this kid derails the timeline if he doesn't reunite with his dad? Or he's the only one who can stop hell on earth but he can only do so if he's with his dad?"

Clockwork merely heaved a sigh as Danny rounded on Nocturn.

"Don't think I didn't feel your presence," Danny eyed the Ancient who pretended to be deeply interested in the corner of the room, "What were you doing there?"

"I was merely checking up on one of Morpheus' favored mortals," Nocturn blatantly lied.

"Really?" Danny scoffed, "To my face? You're just gonna lie?"

"...Of course not."

"What are you doing now?" Danny groaned, eyeing Clockwork scribbling on a post-it note.

"Already done!" Clockwork chirped as the note popped out of existence, the file and contract appearing in the Ancient's hand.

"...I'm gonna take a nap," Danny blanched.

"Danny!" Johnny burst into the throne room.

"A thousand apologies, Great One," Fright Knight grabbed Johnny by the scruff of his neck, yanking him backward and away from Danny, "He got past me-"

"Shadow's pranking Batman!" Johnny exclaimed.

"..." Danny proceeded to lay face down on the floor.

"Great One?" Fight Knight gasped, horrified, "Are you alright?"

"I'm done with today," Danny grumbled, "Leave me to suffer alone."

Danny groaned loudly at the sounds of indignant horror that escaped his friends.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

John had never felt more supported than he did as Zatanna, Billy, Victor, Bruce, Clark, Barry and Diana stepped out of the zeta tube with him and into the Batcave.

"You seem to be down one member of the Batclan," John remarked, noticing the absence of Jason.

"Jason's busy tonight but hiya, guys," Dick greeted enthusiastically, "Whatcha doin' here?"

"We're helping Constantine find his son," Diana spoke bluntly.

"Right, of cours-wait, what?!" Dick did a double take.

John had always been fond of Dick, he appreciated his exuberance and light. And now especially, his animatedness was a relief from the panic he was feeling at struggling to find his son.

John didn't know it at the time but Dick...was the most like his son of Bruce's litter...maybe that's why he had always been so fond of him; it was his subconscious recognizing the characteristics of his son.

"You have a kid?" Duke looked astounded.

"Yes, I have a kid," John said, "A kid I just found out about thirty minutes ago, a kid I need to find."

"...Do you want help?" Tim offered.

John hated asking for help...but he knew that he needed it...and he appreciated that they were giving it.

"Please."

"You got it," Tim nodded.

"We have received word from my grandfather that Bruce's idea and Zatanna's magic together can find the boy," Diana spoke.

"Right, B, your idea?"

"He forgot," Clark winced.

"You forgot?" Steph snorted.

"Perhaps it was Phantom?" Diana suggested, "I seem to be having difficulty recalling his appearance."

"That's 'cause of what he is, and 'cause his form is difficult on mortal eyes. I don't think he has actually affected Bruce's memory."

"So what do you guys think Bruce's thought could've been?" Clark wondered.

"Probably something idiotic like 'no killing,'" Damian bristled.

"Damia-" Clark went to chastise the boy but Duke cut in.

"I'm sorry, can we rewind to the your grandfather part?" Duke gestured to Diana, "Your grandfather as in Kronos? That grandfather?"

"Apparently he's called Clockwork now," She lamented.

Before anyone could say anything else Tim spoke up.

"I'm just spit balling but if the kid's your kid wouldn't he feel the same? Y'know, like have the same magic signature?"

"That's it!" Zatanna gushed, "If I can narrow down the region of the world I could probably feel for the kids presence!"

"How do we narrow down the region in the world the kid'll be in?" Barry scoffed, "And like, how do we know the kid's not in like Hell or something?"

"Barry!" Clark hissed, eyes wide.

"I mean, um, I'm sure your kids fine-"

"But what if he's not," John's eyes were wide, ears ringing, "What if...what if he's like me? What if my demons, literal ones, have been after him-"

"You can worry about 'what ifs' when we find him," Victor said.

"Yeah, um, how we gonna do that?" Steph wondered.

Everyone blinked blankly, not quite knowing what to do.

Suddenly a post-it popped into existence, stuck to the batcomputer.

A chill ran up John's spine as he read the note.

Shadow apologizes for messing with Batman's memories and will submit a written apology shortly.

You will find Daniel by reflecting on the past. To February eighteen years ago.

This is a time of your life you've mostly blocked out. Those memories will lead you to your son, so you must have Zatanna unlock them.

- CW ♪◖(◕‿‿◕)◗♪

Eighteen...eighteen years ago...that mean his son was almost an adult...his son had grown up without him.

"Huh, I think he's listening to music," Barry commented, studying the doodle next to his signature.

P.S. I am listening to music -- but it's not a song that exists in this timeline yet so I won't tell you, don't want you to feel like you're missing stuff which...you are <33

"I'm gonna ignore...everything else in this note except the fact that I need to remember something from February nineteen years ago, Zatanna?"

"On it," Zatanna nodded.

Alfred, all knowing and all powerful, had immediately bought over a chair for John to sit in while Zatanna cast a spell on him.

"Mauqmun erecsivilbo, aromemmoc repmes," Zatanna whispered.

"Those...weren't just words backwards," Tim muttered not so quietly.

"It's latin," Zatanna huffed, "Not all my spells are just me staying stuff backwards."

"Alright, proceed," Tim shrugged.

"Neethgie sraey oga, eht dnoces htnom, wohs em eht rehtom fo s'enitnatsnoC nos."

"How do we know the person from February eighteen years ago is the kids mom?" Tim rose a brow.

"Why else would this help us find the k-" Zatanna was cut off as her magic pulsed, a memory of John's in third person beginning to form.

The heroes looked on in awe at the moment in time, the John in the memory reading an occult book on a couch.

"You and your magic," A woman scoffed, stepping into their view.

John sucked in air sharply, eyes wide as he looked upon the familiar auburn haired woman.

"You and your science," He shot back fondly.

"I have to go now, John," The woman said softly.

"I know..." John pursed his lips, looking away from his book and looking to the woman.

"...I won't be coming back this time."

"You say that every time, love," John smirked.

"I mean it this time," The woman's hand shifted to her stomach, palm resting against it, the John in the memory not seeming to notice, while the John reflecting on the memory did, "I love Jack and I have a daughter I...I'm choosing them."

The memory ended suddenly, the heroes turning to John who was staring blankly at where the woman had been several moments prior.

"Who is she?" Bruce asked John gently.

"Maddie," He whispered before clearing his throat, raising his voice, "Madelyn Fenton. I...we met in college...we loved each other. I didn't...we fooled around behind her boyfriends back," He confessed, "But when they got married we...stopped."

He felt ashamed but at the same time he didn't care about his friends judgement. If Maddie hadn't cheated with him he wouldn't have a son. God he had a son! It had felt real before but now suddenly...it felt real.

"I don't remember this," But as he spoke...the memories did come back to him. It had been the week of Valentines and between taking care of an infant and their work Jack had apparently neglected her, Maddie coming to him, "I remember..." He breathed out.

"We'll fine her," Tim promised, "Her and your boy."

 

 

Mauqmun erecsivilbo, aromemmoc repmes -- Numquam obliviscere, commemora semper

Numquam obliviscere, commemora semper -- Never forget, remember always

Neethgie sraey oga, eht dnoces htnom, wohs em eht rehtom fo s'enitnatsnoC nos -- Eighteen years ago, the second month, show me the mother of Constantine's son.
Notes:

    clockwork these past couple chapters:

    the worst day of danny's life:

    danny in a few chapters:

Chapter 7
Notes:

    i wrote this instead of an essay worth 30% of my grade due tonight so you're welcome <33

    i noticed i misspelled maddie's name last chapter let's just pretend that never happened

    more banger memes from @kiraro thank you thank you thank you

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

"We'll find her. Her and your boy."

After what felt like an eternity of various people searching the we for Maddie-

"I found her," Bruce called out gruffly.

John was over to him in a moment, staring hungrily at the photo on the screen of the batcomputer a photo of...of the mother of his son.

"Madeline Fenton, an ecto-ologist with a decently successful company called Fenton Works. She co-created and co-owns the company with her husband and they specialize in inventing devices and weapons. The company apparently has a government contract, supplying a government organization with ecto-weapons-"

"Sounds fake but okay," Barry muttered not so quietly.

"Get to John's kid, B," Dick piped up.

John sent the young man a grateful smile as his father listened.

"Let's see..." Bruce squinted at the information before him, scanning through it, "Her base of operations is in Amity Park, meaning that's where your son grew up. She's married to Jack Fenton and she is the mother to Jasmine Fenton and-"

John held his breath. This was it...confirmation.

"-Daniel Fenton."

Bruce and everyone fell silent, giving John a moment to settle.

John softened.

He had known his son's name but...it was different than reading it or hearing it from the mouth of a monstrosity. It was different...hearing his son's name from the mouth of a friend.

Daniel...his son...his son.

Daniel...Fenton.

John wondered if his son would want to keep the name of the man who had raised him instead of changing it to match the name of the man who didn't even know he'd existed.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

"You're acting more wiry than usual," Danny drawled, stopping by the gardens before he returned to Amity for the first time since...since Jazz and Ellie died.

"Me?" Clockwork arched a brow. He was currently in his middle aged man form as he tended to his flowers again, "And here I'm just tending to my flowers."

"Exactly," Danny commented, "You only do that when something's on your mind

"It pleases me you noticed that about me," Clockwork hummed.

"I may not have been watching over you as long as you've been watching over me," Danny hummed, kneeling before one of the rose bushes, "But I could not call myself your family if after all this time I hadn't noticed that quirk of yours."

Clockwork fell silent the air turning a tad somber.

Danny decided to ignore that for right now, directing his attention to the rose bush before him.

Clockwork's garden was special, flowers blossoming from buds, roots and vines and petals growing to fulfillment before blackening and decaying...the process beginning anew.

This particular rose bush however...was not growing as beautifully as it could.

"It's alright, little guy," Danny whispered to the blossoming bud, "You can do it."

Danny watched with a fond smile as the flower blossomed once more, white petals stretching out to the sky...before they shriveled and fell to the grassy floor.

"Will you tell me?" Danny asked, "What it is that is distracting you?"

"...Not yet."

"..." Danny allowed silence to engulf them, a silence that was neither comfortable or uncomfortable, a silence that just...was.

Danny sat back on his heels, watching the bush blossom and die again and again and again. He wondered if this is how Clockwork lived, watching timelines blossom and burn.

"You trust me...right?"

Clockwork's hesitant question startled Danny.

He turned to look to his dear friend and parental figure and he wondered...if he shouldn't. After all...Clockwork had betrayed one version of himself...what was to stop him from betraying this version of him?

"More than anything."

Maybe Clockwork would betray him but until that day...Danny would love and trust him without hesitation.

"How can you say that?" Clockwork inquired, "I see all...I know every conceivable route the world will take...for every action...and I decide what path to take. You could suffer greatly in the future, you have suffered immensely in the past...why do you not hate me for not changing your fate?"

"...If I cursed every person I felt has wronged me...there would be no oxygen left in the world."

Danny immediately internally cringed and continued.

"Not that we breathe oxygen, I just that, like," He made a while gesture with his hands, "There'd be no point, like, eh-"

"I understand," Clockwork cut him off, smiling fondly.

"Besides," Danny smiled at the man, "You already changed my fate once."

"..." Clockwork directed his attention to the rose bush before Danny, "Beautiful," He murmured.

"It's just the same as all the others," Danny commented.

Clockwork slowly lowered to his knees next to Danny.

"No..." He breathed out, gingerly trailing a finger along the white petal, feeling it's velvet like texture with a small, soft smile, "It's not."

Danny didn't know what he meant but he let it go...simply enjoying the presence of Clockwork.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

"John...I have to tell you something," Bruce spoke up.

John's gaze snapped to his friends, pausing as he noticed the sympathy that flashed through Bruce's gaze.

"What is it?" John asked, worry settling in his stomach.

"She..." Bruce faltered and looked almost nervously to John, "Maddie, Jack and Jasmine...died last year."

John sucked in air sharply, eyes widening.

Grief and horror washed through him. Jack had been such a dear friend to him. Maddie had been someone he was intimately in love with. Jasmine...Jasmine who he had held as a newborn and had turned down the offer to be godfather to.

Daniel...he was...he was an orphan, he had lost his parents and his sister. What about him? Had whatever taken their lives hurt him too? Was he-

"And...Daniel?" John pressed nervously, "How...is he okay?"

"I found a piece of a news clipping stating he was taken in by his godfather after his parents died but...he's pretty much a ghost," Tim scoffed, "Ironic given the town's superstitions but yeah he has nearly no online presence."

"At least he's okay," Clark assured John, the occult detective sagging with relief, releasing the breath he had been holding.

"It's...weird though," Tim frowned.

"I noticed it too," Victor muttered, "There seems to be a...block around information pertaining to your boy," He glanced to John, "Not to worry, though, I'm almost through."

"I've thought the same a couple times but it's almost like the firewall is...evolving."

"I'm a living machine," Victor remarked playfully, eyes shining challengingly, "I can beat this firewall."

"Y̷o̶u̶'̴r̶e̴ ̶w̸h̷a̷t̷?̶"A voice rang through the Batcave.

Everyone jumped except for Bruce who merely narrowed his eyes.

"Who's there?" Diana demanded.

"W̸h̸y̴ ̶d̸i̸d̷n̶'̴t̶ ̵y̶o̶u̵ ̴j̴u̶s̵t̸ ̸s̸a̸y̷ ̸y̸o̴u̸ ̷w̴e̸r̴e̶ ̴a̶ ̸l̶i̸v̵i̴n̶g̶ ̶m̴a̶c̶h̵i̶n̶e̴?̴"The voice completely ignored the woman.

"I um, didn't know you were a...sentient computer?" Victor shot back.

"I̸'̸m̵ ̷n̵o̴t̷," The voice huffed, "I̶ ̵a̶m̵ ̴t̸h̸e̴ ̴G̵r̷e̸a̵t̵ ̷T̴e̴c̶h̷n̷u̵s̸. W̶h̴o̷ ̶a̴r̸e̴ ̶y̶o̷u̸, L̵i̵v̸i̶n̷g̵ ̶M̶a̶c̶h̸i̵n̸e̵?̵"

"I'm Cyborg, a hero."

"A̸ h̶e̸r̶o̷?̵ ̷I...s̴e̸e̵.̴ ̷W̶h̷y̴ ̵a̵r̴e̴ ̴y̸o̶u̶ ̷l̶o̸o̸k̶i̴n̴g̴ ̸i̷n̸t̷o̵ ̸t̵h̸e̴ ̷F̷e̷n̸t̴o̸n̶ ̷c̸h̷i̵l̴d̴?"

John stepped toward the computer, standing tall, head held high.

"He's my son."

"..." The voice fell silent.

"Hello?" Victor called out, "Are you there? Um, Technus?"

"Y̸o̶u̴ ̵a̴r̵e̷...D̷a̵n̴i̶e̷l̸'s̴ ̸ f̶a̴t̵h̷e̶r̴?"

"I am."

"...G̷o̸o̵d̷ ̵l̸u̷c̵k̷ ̴w̵i̷t̴h̴ ̵ t̶h̴a̶t̴,"The voice snorted.

John reared back, surprised by that response.

"Y̶o̴u̶ ̶c̴a̵n̷ ̵g̸e̷t̶ ̸b̶e̷y̷o̷n̷d̵ ̸m̷y̴ ̷b̴o̷r̴d̷e̶r̴ ̷n̴o̷w̴,̴ ̸a̴l̶l̸ ̵t̶h̸a̴t̶'̷s̷ ̴l̵e̶f̴t̴ ̵i̶s̷ ̷K̶i̶n̸g̶ ̵T̶u̸c̵k̴'̴s̷ ̸f̶o̸r̶m̵i̵d̷a̶b̸l̷e̶ ̵f̷i̵r̷e̶w̵a̷l̵l̶."

And as quickly as the voice came...it was gone.

"Well that just happened," Tim bluescreened.

"If the firewall's down..." Duke pressed, "Shouldn't that mean we have access to Danny's information."

"Right, on it!" Tim shook off his daze.

"So am I!" Victor plugged back into the computer.

The next ten minutes seemed to feel like the longest in John's life.

Tim and Victor were hard at work combating the firewall that still remained, every so often a groan of annoyance ringing out from the duo as they realized they hadn't been getting past the firewall but had been lured into a trap by the creator of the firewall. 'King Tuck,' if Technus and the alerts that popped up when they were trapped were to be believed.

"I've got it!"

Hope blossomed in John at Tim's sudden and triumphant exclamation.

"Damn," Victor cursed goodnaturedly as he too just surpassed the firewall.

John ran, probably faster than he ever had, over to the boy, peering intently at his screen and the police file and medical records that existed of his son...his son. What a surreal notion, he, John Constantine, a father!

"A lot of the police info is redacted and most of his history has been expunged," Tim said, "But...here we are."

Tim softened, looking on in amusement and fondness as he moved out of the chair, allowing John to sit, the man doing so abruptly, soaking in the information on the screen.

His police file was...lacking.

Which was good and bad. It was good because it meant his son wasn't a juvenile delinquent, it was bad because he wasn't learning that much about him-holy crap! He was turning into Bats!

From what he gathered his son didn't have a driver's license as such the information the police had on him was limited as he had no criminal records. What caught John's attention though...were reports filed by his boy and there were a few filed for him.

John hungrily read the reports filed by his son, reporting various ghost sightings and the occasional mugging. His son had made quite a few reports, his heart softening and warming over at the good samaritan that was his son. He then read the reports filed for and about him, there was one reported by some guy called Lance Lancer reporting suspected neglect and abuse, another by the same man who reported a strange man lurking around Danny.

Horror and rage and protectiveness swelled within John as he read through his various reports.

"I also found a couple articles about him," Victor spoke up once John had finished.

John hurried over to the young man, eyes darting over the screen.

John read with pride and adoration as he learned his son was mildly famous for discovering the correct gender of a rare purple-backed gorilla. He also read the article denoting the Mayor of Amity Falls, Vlad, (Vlad???) had taken in his godson, Daniel Fenton.

"Now that I know his approximate location..." Zatanna turned to Dick who immediately pulled up a holographic map of the US.

The homo magi rose her hands, pointing them at the map.

"Dnif eht yob esohw cigam sleef ekil s'enitnatsnoC."

"Why couldn't you just ask to see Daniel Fenton backwards?" Tim wondered.

"Names have power," Zatanna spoke, "The Infinite Realm recognizes him as Daniel Constantine but if he doesn't...not only would the spell not work but it might hurt him."

The map seemed to enlarge and zoom in until it was dispersing to reveal an impressive; not quite as impressive as Wayne Manor but then again not many things were.

"This is him right now," Zatanna said.

Everyone leaned forward, watching intently as a boy and a man came into view, the two tensing for some unknown reason, neither of them commenting on their tension as they walked along the grounds of the mansion.

John sucked in air sharply, looking on at his son with wide eyes. He was...he was so beautiful.

He looked just like the toddler from his dream just...all grown up.

His black hair looked soft and shiny, half of it tied back in a bun, the rest falling just a little past his chin but not to his shoulders just yet. He wore a loose white shirt with a blue planet on it atop a red hoodie. He also wore ripped blue jeans and worn red converse.

The man with him was easily recognizable to quite a few people as Vladimir Masters, a billionaire and the owner and creator of VladCo. But he was recognizable to John...as little Vlad Masters, his friend from college his friend who was...who was his son's godfather.

Vlad had his grey hair pulled back in a low pony tail, wearing a rather expensive looking suit.

"How long do you plan on staying...here for your trip?"

"...A while I think," Danny answered...and John was floored.

His breath hitched as he heard his son's voice. His son's voice...was the greatest noise he'd ever heard. It was angelic and soft but there was a gruffness to it and there was almost...a subconscious growl always accompanying his words.

"A while?" Vlad arched a brow, "Love spending time with me that much?"

"Yeah, Vlad," The boy snickered, "I came back here for the first time in a year to spend time with you."

"I thought perhaps it was a 'thank-you' for covering for you as you ran from your grief," Vlad drawled.

John flinched at the reminder that Maddie, Jack and Jasmine were...were dead.

"Why does everyone keep saying that?" Danny scoffed, "I've been through the stages of grief. I'm fine."

"Oh...yeah, I don't believe that for a second," Dick muttered.

"Actually I've calculated you're probably only on the 'anger' phase."

"You should check your math there, buddy," Danny patted his arm, "I'm firmly in 'acceptance.'"

"Sure," Vlad drawled sarcastically.

"I am!" Danny snapped, "I mean," He cleared his throat and smiled, "I am," He said calmly.

"Definitely not," Tim shook his head.

"Yeah...I'm starting to think you've not even left 'denial.'"

"Okay, how 'bout I just leave here-"

"No, no," Vlad cut Danny off, "How are things back home?"

"Alright, I guess," The boy shrugged, "As I was leaving Tick Tock made all these remarks that insinuate I'm dumb which, rude."

"You are kinda dumb, though," The man drawled.

"How dare you!" The boy shoved him goodnaturedly, John looking on, feeling like his chest was tightening, "You know I have plans to meet up with everyone later but I can push up the hang out sesh to right now-"

"No," Vlad cut him off, "You just got back...let me spend some time with you, please."

"You say that as if we didn't see each other just last week?" Danny rose a brow, a fond, amused smile on his eyes, mirth in his gaze.

Jealousy was honestly...not a feeling John was familiar so he had difficulty identifying that's how he was feeling.

"I guess...I didn't expect to see you back here," Vlad looked around pointedly, "So...why?"

"Ember's picking me up on the weekend."

"Ah," Realization flashed through Vlad's gaze, "Then there's something I want to talk to you about."

"...You're in love with Mr. Lancer?"

"What?" Vlad reared back, startled, "No? Why would you say that?"

"Oh, I dunno, I guess I thought you might've moved on from Maddie to the only other decent hu-adult in my life?"

John didn't seem to register that Danny didn't call his mother 'mom' but Bruce did, reflecting on the neglect and abuse police report he had memorized.

'As Daniel's teacher I'm with the boy everyday, which means that everyday I observe his malnourishment and restlessness. It's apparent to all that the Fenton couple are eccentric and passionate but it is my belief that they either knowingly or unknowingly neglect their children in favor of their work.'

'I have been Daniel's teacher for practically his whole life and I have grown to be able to read him well. Sometime into his first year of high school however, there was a shift in him and it's my belief that his parents have become physically abusive as well as emotionally and mentally abusive. Or perhaps they've always been physically abusive but they've grown more erratic and stepped up their domestic violence.'

'Daniel was once a star pupil of mine, even with the malnourishment and restlessness and lack of love and attention but this year I've noticed his distress spike as the boy began to hide bruises and other injuries under makeup.'

Bruce had lost count of how many reports the man had filed to the police and CPS and he could practically feel the man's desperation as he filled the forms out.

"I wasn't going to say that, what I was going to say was do you remember that gala I'm going to next week?"

"The Wayne gala?" Danny rose a brow.

Bruce subconsciously tensed at the mention of his name.

"That you're going to with the intention of seducing Lex Luthor?" Danny continued.

Clark choked at Danny's words, startled and amused.

"Yes, to the first part, no, to the second," The man rolled his eyes, "But that gala, right?"

"Right?" The boy said dubiously.

"Yeah, you're comin' with me."

"What?" Danny reared back, "Ew, why?"

"Because if I have to suffer the Waynes you're suffering with me."

The Batclan bristled in offense.

"No."

"Yes."

"No."

"Badger," The man said, "You're going to be in Gotham anyways-"

"How would you know that?"

"You think I don't have Ember's schedule memorized?" He arched a brow.

"You a fan?" Danny teased.

"More like I wish to avoid the nuisance she is," Vlad scoffed, "Anyways, you're going to be in Gotham anyways, why not spend time with me there?"

"Um...'cause you suck? And so do the Waynes?"

John let out a startled laugh.

"Listen, Badger, despite them being filthy rich not one of them is spoiled, well...um, the kind of spoiled you're used to."

"Wow that's ominous," Danny deadpanned.

"You and Richard have much in common," Vlad pointed out, Dick perking up at the mention of his name.

"Oh? Like what?"

"Horrible puns and circus trauma?" Vlad winced.

Dick gasped silently in offense.

"That'll be a real fun talk," Danny snorted.

"You and Timothy can discuss photography, and stalking?"

Tim flushed red.

"Excuse me? I was stalked not stalking."

John choked at his son's words.

"Duke has an admiration for the stars," Vlad said.

Duke nodded, that was very true.

"That the two of you can bond over."

"Wow, typecasting me as the space lover, s-m-h," Danny shook his head, feigning disappointment.

"You and Damian can discuss your various pets."

Damian perked up.

"He'd feel bad with how superior my pets are to his," Danny crossed his arms.

Damian bristled in offense.

"Stephanie has a quick wit and you two could probably engage in quite stimulating conversation," Vlad pointed out.

Steph gasped dramatically and began to silently pretend she was receiving a reward.

"I don't need 'stimulating conversation,'" Danny scoffed.

Steph gasped in mock horror and offense.

"Cassandra's quiet and a fan of dance."

Cass nodded, smiling to herself.

"Wow," Danny drawled, "I'm not."

"Alright you don't have to go," Vlad relented.

"Dude, you've got no moves that I don't know," Danny huffed, "Hit me with the 'you can't refuse' point."

"Jason Todd, boom," Vlad grinned widely.

The batclan leaned forward, intrigued by this interesting...development.

"There it is," Danny huffed, rolling his eyes fondly.

"I gotcha didn't I?"

"Yeah, actually, you did," Danny rolled his eyes, "I'll go to this dumb gala with you, only 'cause it's not an inconvenience to me."

"Right," Vlad clicked his tongue, "It's not at all 'cause you get to see Todd again?"

"I what, you're stupid, I don't," Danny waved him off, "I'm going to my room."

"Get packed, little Badger!" Vlad called after Danny as he began to make his way to the mansion.

"We don't leave for like a week, it's too early to pack!" Danny shouted over his shoulder.

"Then when do you plan on packing?" There seemed to be genuine distress in Vlad's voice.

"I dunno, probably the night before!" Danny called back.

An indignant squawk of horror escaped Vlad as he hurried after the boy, Zatanna's spell ending with a ripple, their view into another place on the Earth snapping shut.

"..."

"Well that happened," Duke remarked.

"He's...he's coming to Gotham," John swallowed, "My son."

"Who appears to have a...connection to Jason," Tim said thoughtfully.

"Maybe he can tell us more about Danny?" Barry told John, "Maybe he knows his likes and dislikes so we can set stuff up for when he comes here."

John softened, a grateful smile tugging at his lips.

"Thank you," He struggled to say the words, "All of you."

 

 

Y̷o̶u̶'̴r̶e̴ ̶w̸h̷a̷t̷?̶ -- You're what?

W̸h̸y̴ ̶d̸i̸d̷n̶'̴t̶ ̵y̶o̶u̵ ̴j̴u̶s̵t̸ ̸s̸a̸y̷ ̸y̸o̴u̸ ̷w̴e̸r̴e̶ ̴a̶ ̸l̶i̸v̵i̴n̶g̶ ̶m̴a̶c̶h̵i̶n̶e̴?̴ -- Why didn't you just say you were a living machine?

I̸'̸m̵ ̷n̵o̴t̷.̴ ̸I̶ ̵a̶m̵ ̴t̸h̸e̴ ̴G̵r̷e̸a̵t̵ ̷T̴e̴c̶h̷n̷u̵s̸.̷ ̷W̶h̴o̷ ̶a̴r̸e̴ ̶y̶o̷u̸,̴ ̴L̵i̵v̸i̶n̷g̵ ̶M̶a̶c̶h̸i̵n̸e̵? -- I'm not. I am the Great Technus. Who are you, living machine?

A̸ h̶e̸r̶o̷?̵ ̷I...s̴e̸e̵.̴ ̷W̶h̷y̴ ̵a̵r̴e̴ ̴y̸o̶u̶ ̷l̶o̸o̸k̶i̴n̴g̴ ̸i̷n̸t̷o̵ ̸t̵h̸e̴ ̷F̷e̷n̸t̴o̸n̶ ̷c̸h̷i̵l̴d̴? -- A hero? I...see. Why are you looking into the Fenton child?

Y̸o̶u̴ ̵a̴r̵e̷...D̷a̵n̴i̶e̷l̸'̶s̴ ̸f̶a̴t̵h̷e̶r̴?̷ -- You are...Daniel's father?

..G̷o̸o̵d̷ ̵l̸u̷c̵k̷ ̴w̵i̷t̴h̴ ̵t̶h̴a̶t̴ -- ...Good luck with that

Y̶o̴u̶ ̶c̴a̵n̷ ̵g̸e̷t̶ ̸b̶e̷y̷o̷n̷d̵ ̸m̷y̴ ̷b̴o̷r̴d̷e̶r̴ ̷n̴o̷w̴,̴ ̸a̴l̶l̸ ̵t̶h̸a̴t̶'̷s̷ ̴l̵e̶f̴t̴ ̵i̶s̷ ̷K̶i̶n̸g̶ ̵T̶u̸c̵k̴'̴s̷ ̸f̶o̸r̶m̵i̵d̷a̶b̸l̷e̶ ̵f̷i̵r̷e̶w̵a̷l̵l̶ -- You can get beyond my border now, all that's left is King Tuck's formidable firewall.

Dnif eht yob esohw cigam sleef ekil s'enitnatsnoC -- Find the boy whose magic feels like Constantine's
Notes:

    danny cringing after saying a poetic and beautiful line is inspired by me snapping myself out of a panic attack cus i thought it was crine <33
    not at all denying the validity of panic attacks theyre valid for everyone except me :)

    clockwork: you could suffer greatly in the future
    danny: feels like foreshadowing but we're just gonna ignore that lol

    john the night before he met danny:

    danny in chapter 5:

    john after watching vlad and danny interact:

    danny until he finds out HES daniel constantine:

    this is an everyday occurence now

    sobs time to go work on my essay

Chapter 8
Notes:

    i love every meme you make @kiraro

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

"C'mon Jay!" Dick groaned as he called Jason for the umpteenth time that night, "Pick up!"

"He's not gonna pick u-and I stand corrected," Steph backtracked when Dick's call was answered with a click.

"Hey, babe," Jason's distorted voice rang through the phone.

"Jason?" Dick frowned in confusion.

"Dick?" Jason seemed startled, the modulator in his helmet barely conveying his emotions, "Why do you have-oh right, I forgot I changed the contact name back...you know what, let's just forget the fact that I answered a call with the contact name 'Dick' and thought it was my partner, okay?"

"Forgotten," Dick waved him off.

"Well, whadya want? I'm busy?" The sound of distant gunfire ran through the phone, Bruce's expression pinching in distaste.

"You're needed at the cave, Todd," Damian said impatiently.

"For what?"

"Missing persons case," Duke cut in.

"And how am I supposed to help with that?"

"They were last seen with you?" Duke offered.

"Oh, so you think I had something to do with them going missing," Jason scoffed.

"We don't mean it like that," Dick hastily assured, "Just, we think you're the only one that can help us."

"Fine," Jason grumbled, "I'll get there when I get there."

The call ended with a click, Dick pursing his lips into an awkward smile.

"He should be here...soon," He assured.

"Right," Barry didn't sound even remotely convinced.

"Hi, I have a question," Tim spoke up, "I rewatched the footage of your encounter with Phantom, so when you discovered the existence of your son and it's completely off topic but...Marvel," Billy's gaze snapped to meet the boy's, "He called you William...is...um...why'd he do that?" He asked awkwardly.

"Wow, um, I-I-I dunno," Billy stammered, "That was, like, super weird."

"Super believable, bro," Barry laughed heartily, before he calmed, tone turning more gentle and sincere, "You know, you can trust us with your secret identity."

"Can I?" Billy scoffed.

"I think we should move on," John jumped to Billy's aid, knowing the boy was probably feeling uncomfortable, "Bruce..." He swallowed heavily, wetting his lips, "I...I have to know."

"No foul play," Bruce confirmed, "It was genuinely an accident, but do you...want the specifics."

"...I need them," John swallowed heavily.

"Jasmine, Madeline and Jack were home when there was a gas explosion...Daniel was at a friends house."

"How horrific," Clark said sympathetically.

John inhaled and exhaled slowly, eyes closing as he felt his grief.

"I have some...good news, to defer how you're feeling right now," Tim piped up.

"Tell me," John insisted.

"Daniel and I just became twitter moots."

"Moots?" Clark repeated, "Moo-moots?"

"Slang for mutuals," Steph explained, "It means you follow each other."

"C'mon, Tim, pull up his account on the screen," Dick encouraged, "Don't gatekeep his thoughts."

"On it," Tim huffed, amused, doing just that, looking on at his twitter profile.

"Who's the icon of?" Barry wondered.

"That's," Duke squinted, at Daniel's twitter profile pic, "Choso."

"Choso?" Diana repeated.

"He's an anime character," Duke explained, "Really iconic, whose done no wrong like ever. He's perfect and he adores his younger brothers and yeah, he's just awesome."

"What's the background pic of?" Barry wondered, "Just looks like...dots."

Duke directed his gaze to Daniel's header. It was a black and white photo of dots with a transparent crow over it.

"That's the constellation Corvus," He answered as they looked to his profile.

Dan(ny)
@halfaking
❝ being dead does not mean one cannot be helpful ❞
322 Following         93.2M Followers

"That quote..." Tim faltered, studying at the , "I'm pretty sure it's from James Bond."

"Well, I believe you," Steph patted his back, "Now can we see his tweets?"

The first tweet they saw when popped up on the screen, so his most recent tweet, didn't inspire much confidence in Daniel's self-restraint.

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 5m
touch grass? no eat the grass
💬13                    🔁1                    ❤️20

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 10m
excited to see you again @kingtuck
@gothgeek @redbuffy @notaweasley
💬10                    🔁4                    ❤️5

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 45m
vlad changed his mind :)
💬3                     🔁1                     🤍2

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 1h
vlad said im not allowed to hangout with
my friends
might just k word him
💬21                    🔁15                   🤍33

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 3h
heading back to amityyyyyy
💬37                    🔁11                   🤍59

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 4h
getting my garden on <33
just like @gothgeek frfr #poisonivycore
💬2                      🔁1                     🤍3

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 4h
trying to have a convo with tick tock and
im honestly feeling so attacked rn
💬13                    🔁3                     🤍20

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 5h
fuck marry kill with justice league
big 3 edition
fuck batman
marry superman
kill wonder woman
💬1,233               🔁5,000             🤍11M

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 7h
work (derogatory)
💬39                   🔁38                    🤍53

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 8h
running from the going through the stages
of grief by going over paperwork is a
sacrifice i am absolutely willing to make
💬50                   🔁23                    🤍114

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 16h
do you ever feel? feel so paper thin
💬79                   🔁567                  🤍1,003

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 17h
someone asked why vlad wasnt included in
billionaire fuck marry kill um because theres
no way im gonna f or m my guardian and
despite our rocky past im not interested in
killing him
💬23                   🔁30                   🤍177

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 19h
fuck marry kill billionaire edition
fuck oliver queen
marry bruce wayne
kill lex luthor
💬1,985               🔁17K                🤍15M

Dan(ny) @halfaking • 23h
baa baa booey
💬3                      🔁5                    🤍23

From looking only at his recent tweets told them Danny was fun and chaotic. He was perfect and entertaining and relatable and he was just...everything.

Eventually, as they continued to wait for Jason, Zatanna volunteered to cast another spell to check in on Danny.

The air before them rippled...and a viewing portal seemed to tear open as she did just that.

John's heart blossomed with warmth as his son came into view, walking down a street, wearing the same thing he had been wearing in the last viewing session with the addition of-

"Doflamingo glasses?!" Duke exclaimed giddily.

"Doflamingo?" Clark repeated, frowning in confusion.

"An iconic anime character," Billy said.

"Yes, he is," Tim agreed, smiling pleasantly.

"Danny!" A voice called out from the viewing portal.

Everyone directed their attention back to the portal, watching as a collection of teens raced down the street toward Danny.

"Danny!"

The four teens all but barreled into Danny, tackling him into a hug.

Danny stumbled back at the force of their hug, letting out a light laugh, John smiling tenderly at the light noise.

After a few minutes the teens broke apart hesitantly, the heroes taking note of who they were.

There was a girl with fair skin and short black hair, part of her hair tied up in a ponytail, tied with a green scrunchy. She had on purple lipstick and smokey eyeliner and eyeshadow that emphasized her violet eyes. She wore a black crop top over a black fishnet shirt and a high waisted black skirt over dark purple tights that vanished into black combat boots. Around her wrists were black bracelets and she had a black choker around her neck. She was recognized by several of the heroes as Samantha Manson, the daughter of a wealthy couple, but the other teens weren't quite so familiar to them.

There was a black girl with her hair done up into bantu knots. She wore a yellow cardigan over a black tank top and high waisted jean shorts and yellow converse. Her eyes were a deep green, lashes emphasized with her mascara and winged eyeliner. She wore one gold and one orange scrunchy on one wrist with an orange necklace and golden triangle earrings.

There was a pale boy with freckles littering his skin, and shaggy orange hair that was parted in the middle, hair framing his face angelically. He had forest green eyes, framed by long ginger lashes. He wore a loose crop topped white shirt that showed off his stomach, red basketball shorts, and white high top converse.

Lastly there was a black boy with a top knot with dreads and a high fade. His eyes were an intense turquoise, his dimples prominent as he smiled brightly at Danny. He wore a yellow sweater over a white button up shirt, the collar folded outward over the collar of the sweater with green cargo pants and brown combat boots.

"Oh, lemme look at you," The black boy grabbed Danny's face and twisted it around, studying him intently.

"You won't find any injuries," Danny laughed.

"Wow...what a concerning statement from anyone but you," The redhead snorted.

"You know it," Danny winked.

John let out a startled laugh, god, his son was so amazing. He was funny and charismatic and just the best thing ever.

"You're back..." The black girl breathed out, "You're really back..."

"Um...for now," Danny winced.

"For now?" The girl with violet eyes repeated incredulously, "Danny what the fuck does that mean?"

"It means...y'know that...I'm gonna go home soon."

"What happened to here being your home?" The girl demanded.

While John didn't quite like her aggravated tone he too was curious to where exactly his boy's 'home' was.

"Sam," The black girl snapped, "Cut him some slack-"

"Some slack?!" The girl exclaimed, "You just left-"

"Sam!" The black boy exclaimed, "Enough, leave him alone."

"Fine," The girl, Sam, bristled.

"I don't wanna...give you some bad news so soon after you got back but...someone's looking for you," The redhead told Danny bluntly.

"Wes, we were gonna tell him later," The black boy hissed.

"I know but oh well," The redhead, Wes, scoffed.

"Okay, so you know how I have a flag running on social media that pings when sus people interact with our accounts?"

"Like that time the Joker retweeted my post thirsting over Buggy the Clown?" Danny arched a brow.

There was startled wheezing coming from the heroes at that.

"That ping?"

"Yeah, well it was set off by someone who followed you and who you followed back," The boy continued, "It was an account that was made earlier today so y'know...definitely fake."

"Also, Danny, what's with that? I thought you only followed celebrities and people you personally know," The black girl frowned thoughtfully.

"It is a celebrity," Danny blinked, "Technus backtracked the account and told me it was Tim Drake."

Tim flushed at being found out so quickly.

"If you're not worried I'm not," The black boy shrugged, "Can we eat now, I'm starving."

"You're always starving, Tucker," Sam huffed.

"Yeah, I don't mind that," The black boy, Tucker, was grinning widely.

"Nasty Burger," Danny drawled emphatically.

"Hey, Fenturd!" A voice called out, a tall young man stalking toward the group of friends.

"Dash," Danny greeted with a sharp grin, "Baby, how you been."

"I guess a year away hasn't made you any less weird," The other teen, Dash, crossed his arms over his chest.

"You know it," Danny winked playfully.

"Well whatever, welcome back nerd," Dash grumbled, stalking off.

"Was Dash just...nice to you?" Tucker gawked.

"You saying I don't deserve to have people be nice to me?" Danny gasped, hand to his chest, looking stricken.

"Yeah, absolutely, that's what I'm saying," Tucker blanched.

"Betrayed, by my own friends!" Danny fell back through the air, the black girl instinctively having jumped forward to catch him.

"What would you do without me?" She huffed.

"Well for one," Danny met her gaze, "I'd be very sad. You know how intrinsically important you are to me."

"..." His friends fell into a stunned silence.

"...I think my crush on you just returned," The black girl commented.

"Now, now, Val, I am in a committed relationship," Danny put a hand to his heart.

"Yeah, and you've made it all of our problem," The girl, Val, rolled her eyes fondly, dropping him onto the floor.

"This is my home now," He declared.

"Home is the booth at Nasty Burger calling our name," Wes scoffed.

"You're so right, actually," He hopped to his feet, "Let's go!"

He took off running, his friends laughing as they ran after him, the viewing portal instinctively following them. The heroes watching in amusement as they ordered and squished together in a booth, waiting for their food.

"Hey, Danny?" Tucker voiced, "When I got the ping on your twitter I noticed you change your dn...do you...do you want us to call you Dan?"

"...No," Danny said thoughtfully, "I mean I feel...like that but I don't want to?"

"You're being really careful with your wording," Sam noticed, "What's up with that?"

"We're being watched," Danny said casually, "Yay, my shake," He beamed as their food was brought over.

John let out a startled wheeze as the rest of the heroes tensed, knowing 

"Backtrack Danny, what?" Tucker hissed.

"Backtrack to what?" Danny asked, sipping his chocolate shake.

"To the part where we're being watched!" Val hissed, "What the fuck Danny? Is it our usual...watchers or something else?"

Usual watchers? Alarm rang out from the heroes.

"Vlad and I were being watched earlier today," Danny remarked, "It's the same people now."

"'People,'" Sam noticed his phrasing, "So our watchers are human at least? I dunno if that's better or worse," Sam muttered.

"The magic tastes..." Danny clicked his tongue, deep in thought, "Italian," He decided.

"Must be Giovanni or Zatanna Zatara then," Wes commented, "Ah, but it could be another magician like John Constantine or someone else."

John tensed at the mention of his name, Zatanna flushing slightly in embarrassment.

"It's not his magic," Danny said, "But Technus did mention him when he talked about Tim Drake."

"What'd he say?" Tucker asked curiously.

"Something about a background check? And being friends with Vlad at one point? I dunno, I stopped paying attention when Technus tried to play Constantine's music."

"Danny you really need to expand your music tastes," Sam huffed, "You can't exclusively listen to Ember's stuff."

"Watch me."

"Speaking of John Constantine," Wes piped up, John leaning forward, interested as to where this was going, "Does anyone wanna hear my theory that he's Danny's biological father."

John sputtered, gawking at the viewing portal, several of the other heroes doing the same.

"Well, that was outta pocket," Tuck blanched.

"That's about as far fetched as your conspiracy theory that Bruce Wayne is Batman," Val deadpanned.

Bruce and his children startled.

"Right? Like, we're not idiots, we all know Clark Kent is Batman and Bruce Wayne is Superman," Danny scoffed.

"You think Clark Kent is Batman and Bruce Wayne is Superman?!" Wes gawked, "What sense does that even make?" He asked, bewildered.

"All the sense in the world," Danny deadpanned.

"Why would they not live in the cities they protect?" Tucker wondered.

"To throw suspicion off, duh."

"Huh?!" Wes exclaimed, bewildered.

"Clark Kent is an investigative journalist," Danny stressed, "Batman is the world's greatest detective and they have similar builds. Bruce Wayne is a black haired blue eyed philanthrope and Superman is the world's goody goody, I mean, it can't be any less obvious."

"That..." Bruce blinked, "Would be a good cover."

"Okay, you're making some points, but I refuse to accept that as factual," Wes said, "Now will you at least hear out my theory that you're John Constantine's kid?"

"Sure," Danny snickered.

"Alright," Wes pulled a laptop out of who knows where, pulling up a power point and beginning to present it, "On this page is a pair of eyes," He showed it off to his friends, "Tell me, are they Danny's or Constantine's?"

"Danny's," Sam said immediately.

"Incorrect, it was actually Gojo's."

Duke and some of the others let out startled wheezing.

"Moving on, though, this page has both of their eyes, notice a difference? Exactly 'cause their isn't any."

John softened, loving that his son had his eyes.

"They're not the only two people in the world with blue eyes," Sam said.

"Ignoring you," Wes muttered going to the next page.

"Why is there a picture of the Damian Wayne and Bruce Wayne's eyes here?" Danny wondered.

The heroes paused, wondering why he knew that immediately.

Damian pursed his lips, eyes narrowing on Daniel Constantine, trying to discern whether they'd met before.

"I'm sorry, why can you just automatically identify their eyes?" Wes rose a brow.

"Sorry, you were saying?" Danny avoided answering, "About me and Constantine?"

"Right!" Wes lit up, "I didn't mean to add the Waynes eyes, anyways, you've been doing magic your whole life and that's because your dad's magic."

John perked up, interested, curious about his son's abilities.

"I wasn't doing real magic," Danny protested.

"Pause," Tucker cut in, "Danny you literally would teleport to school instead of taking the bus."

Zatanna giggled at how relatable that was.

"Yeah?" Danny rose a brow.

"You're saying you think that's a stage magician skill?" Sam gawked.

"Oh...is it not?" Danny cocked his head to the side.

The heroes reeled back in shock, laughing.

"Danny!" Sam buried her face in her hands.

"Moving on I did some research and Constantine not only went to school with Jack, Maddie and Vlad but he was roommates with Jack and Vlad!"

"Oh my god they were roommates," The rest of the teens at the table gasped simultaneously.

The pop culture savvy teens in the Cave had done the same.

"Is this what it feels like to be a cult leader?" Wes pretended to dry his eye, moved by the power he seemed to hold.

Everyone glanced to Danny who took a long sip from his shake before answering, "Yes."

John snickered.

"Danny, you're going to Gotham soon, right?" Tucker asked.

"Yessir."

"Alright!" He clapped his hands together once, "Who...is everyone's favorite Gotham hero and why?"

Sam opened her mouth.

"You can't say Poison Ivy," Danny cut in.

"Um Black Bat, 'cause she's agile and badass," She said 'badass' with a cockney accent.

Cass smiled softly.

"I'm gonna go with Oracle because," Tucker bit his lip and touched his inner elbow, "'The guy in the chair' is superior to all."

Barbara agreed wholeheartedly, she was superior.

"Nightwing," Val said thoughtfully, "Probably 'cause he's so similar to our resident hero."

"I'm having a hard time picking between Batman and Red Robin," Wes huffed.

"Just because they make you feel validated toward your stalking tendencies doesn't make stalking actually okay," Sam deadpanned.

"I...resent that statement," Wes scoffed.

"What about you Danny?" Tucker asked.

"Obviously it's Red Hood-"

"That's such a basic fucking bitch answer," Sam scoffed.

"Alright, you want a real answer?"

"Yes," Tucker stressed.

"Bat-Mite, boom," Danny grinned triumphantly.

Bruce heaved heavy sigh, brows furrowed in annoyance at the mention of his powerful ally.

"Ugh!" His friends groaned.

On the other side of the Batcave the elevator dinged, symbolizing an arrival. With the wave of her hand, Zatanna sealed shut the viewing portal, everyone directing their attention to Jason who had just arrived.

"Alright," Jason grunted, pulling his helmet off, dual colored hair sticking up wildly, "Who's this person I made 'missing?'"

"Okay, confession...there's not actually anyone missing," Duke winced.

"Okay," Jason's eyes narrowed with suspicion, "What is it, then?"

"Do you know a Daniel Fenton?" Dick asked Jason gently.

Immediately Jason tensed and his casual expression hardened, blue eyes lightening and towing the hue between sky blue and toxic green.

"No."

Yeah...the absolute tone in Jason's voice wasn't very convincing.

"Jason-"

"I don't know whoever it is you're talking about," Jason growled warningly, cutting off Dick.

"Jason, please," Bruce said patiently, "He's important."

"..." Jason stubbornly remained silent.

"Please..." John stepped forward, "He's my son."

What no one was expecting was the sheer sorrow that crossed Jason's face.

"I'm sorry."
Notes:

    i had a lotta fun making dannys tweets...def wasn't overwhelmed trying to find the perfect emojis...

    duke: we're working on a missing persons case and they were last seen with you
    jason: oh so you think im the reason theyre missing???
    jason internally: you might be right but um rude

    john: he's my son
    jason: im so sorry...
    everyone: ???

    jason being offended when he finds out danny switched up on him and named bat-mite as his fav gotham hero

    accurately characterizing danny phantom

    was sleep deprived when i made this and i genuinely have never felt funnier

    tim thinking he'd successfully catfished danny

    john stressing tf out

    next chapter: i dont remember lol (i say as if i cant pull up the partial chapter i have written)

Chapter 9
Notes:

    more glorious memes from kiraro

    me too joker and danny me too

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

"Please..." John stepped forward, "He's my son."

What no one was expecting was the sheer sorrow that crossed Jason's face.

"I'm sorry."

"Jason..." Dick swallowed heavily, "What does that mean?"

"It means the rare sympathy I have, I have for you," Jason averted his gaze from John's.

"I need you to elaborate," John took a step forward.

"It means 'I'm sorry,'" He breathed out.

"Jason...you can't just leave us in the dark this time," Dick said.

"I'm sorry you didn't get to raise him and I'm sorry you lost him."

"Jason!" Dick called after him as Jason turned and stalked back into the elevator and out of the cave.

John was silent, ears ringing, anxiety pulsating through him.

"I...what does he mean by that?" John asked, voice shaking slightly.

"You will find and have a relationship with your son," Billy promised.

"..." John was silent though wondering...would he?

"So it's clear Jason and...Danny know each other," Tim swallowed heavily, "But...how?"

"...I have a spell I've been working on," Zatanna confessed, "It's a scrying spell that essentially...looks back in time."

"That sounds impressive," Dick said, "Albeit...dangerous."

"I've been struggling with it for years, I wanted to create it to never have to worry about forgetting soft small moments," She said, "I was really struggling with it until the missing piece of the spell came to me in a...in a dream."

In a dream? John perked up before softening, sending his gratitude Dream's way.

Nocturn who was once again lurking around the man grumbled, those thanks should be directed at him not Dream.

Zatanna inhaled and exhaled deeply...and she cast the spell.

Before their eyes the scrying spell that looked back in time opened and a distantly familiar arena came into view.

"Is that Gotham stadium?" Dick wondered.

"Did Jason and Danny meet at a performance?" Steph wondered curiously.

The spell seemed to zoom in on a stage that was suddenly illuminated by lights revealing the band about to perform.

The lead singer was a girl with honey colored skin and dark brown eyes. She had red hair pulled up into a ponytail, a few loose locks framing her hair. Her eyes were framed by thick mascara, her lips a dark red, winged eyeliner around her eyes with some more eyeliner going down her cheeks appearing almost like tears. She had on a black choker, black high-waisted shorts, under which was a black mesh shirt with seemingly a built in bra and platform dark gray boots with a skull esque design. She had black fingerless gloves on both hands with two purple earrings, one circle, one triangle, in both ears. Over her shoulder was a black strap that connected to a hot pink guitar with bright blue flames.

The drummer had limestone colored skin and pale blue eyes. He had sandy blond hair, long and shaggy that framed his face, showing off his faint freckles. He had whispers of facial hair on his face and he wore a long black coat without a shirt, black leather jeans and dark gray boots with green accents. Around his waist was a black belt with a green skull in he center and chains connected to the belt, lying against his hip. He wore a green skull necklace against his bare chest, black fingerless biker gloves and a green and gold ring on his left hand.

The last bandmate had almond colored skin and onyx colored eyes. Her short dreadlocks were pushed out of her face and adorned with bohemian beads. She wore a black mesh top over a black bra, a red cropped jacket and highwaisted black leather jeans that disappeared into black high-heeled boots. She had thick black eyeliner with purple eyeshadow and black lipstick. Lastly she wore a green pendant and the same green and gold ring as the drummer, on her left hand.

the below song :)

The lead singer set down her guitar, grabbing her harp, beginning to strum it, light shining ethereally on her as she began to sing.

"Happiness h it her

Like a train on a track

Coming towards her

Stuck, still no turning back."

As she finished the line drums and rhythmic clapping joined her as she sang.

"She hid 'round corners

And she hid under beds

She killed it with kisses

And from it she fled

With every bubble

She sank with her drink

And washed it away down

The kitchen sink

The dog days are over

The dog days are done

The hoses are coming

So you better run."

She jumped and whipped her hair through the air and began singing with her whole heart.

"Run fast for your mother, run fast for your father

Run for your children, for your sisters and brothers

Leave all your love and your longing behind

You can't carry it with you if you want to survive."

She threw her head back, singing to the sky with passion and fire.

"The dog days are over

The dog days are done

Can you hear the horses?

'Cause here-a they come~"

She stressed the 'e' in come until she fell silent, the concert falling silent with her. When she sang next her voice was drawn out and slow and soft and ethereal.

"And I...never wanted anything from you...

Except everything

You had and what was left after that too, oh."

The drums began to play again, song picking up energy and volume.

"Happiness-a hit her

Like a bullet in the back

Stuck from a great height

By someone who should know better than that

The dog days are over

The dog days are done

Can you hear the horses?

'Cause here they come!"

There was a long pause of just instrumentals, the people in the venue going crazy before she started to sing again.

"Run fast for your mother, run fast for your father

Run for your children, for your sisters and brothers

Leave all your love and your longing behind

You can't carry it with you if you want to survive

The dog dats are over

The dog days are done

Can you hear the horses?

'Cause here-a they come!"

The background singers continued to belt out the 'e' as the lead singer continued to sing.

"The dog days are over

The dog days are done

The horses are coming

So you better run

Here they come

The dog days are over

The dog days are don

The horses are coming

So you better run!"

"That was a banger tune," Tim commented, "But um...what did it have to do with Danny and Jason?"

On cue...his question was answered.

"What's up, Gotham!"

Before their eyes the band...changed.

The lead singer's honey skin lightened into a pale green tinged color, her red lipstick shifting into a dark purple color, her makeup standing out more prominently against her flesh. Her red hair bled into a teal blue that almost looked like it was on fire. Her brown eyes flashed and lightened into a toxic green.

The drummer's skin lightened into the same palish green hue of the lead singer's, his bright blue eyes shining in the same toxic green shade.

The last bandmate's skin shifted into the same palish green, her black dreads shifting into a dark green. Her black lipstick shifted into a dark purple, her eyes glowing red.

"Oh, my god?!" Steph gasped giddily, "It's Ember!" She actually squealed.

"And that's...who?" Clark wondered.

"Her and her band Cores are all openly metas," Steph said passionately, "All of us have seen them live," She gestured to her siblings, "We've never seen them shift in and out of their disguises though, but yeah the lead singer's Ember, the bass and keyboard player there," She pointed to the other girl, "Is Kitty. The drummer's 13-"

"Like the number?" Barry faltered.

"Yeah," Tim nodded.

"And the other band member, it's weird that he's not here, he's another guitar player and main singer, his name's Psych."

"Just the letter?" Clark asked.

"Just the letter," Tim confirmed.

"This band is totally my current hyperfixation," Steph gushed, "Okay so there's in group relationships. 13 and Kitty have been in a relationship for like ever and it's believed Ember and Psych are in a relationship and we know for sure 13 and Kitty used to both be in relationships with Psych."

"...It's your current hyperfixation but you couldn't identify them by voice alone?" Duke rose a brow.

"Oh, hush," Steph waved him off, heroes focusing back on the moment in time.

"Now we know meta's aren't exactly welcome in Gotham but we won't tell Batman if you won't."

Ember winked at the audience who went crazy.

"Now listen up, I've gotta friend with me. Not just any friend," She softened, "My best friend."

"Aww," Some of the heroes and the audience cooed.

"Hey!" Kitty hissed.

"Um, one of my best friends," Ember backtracked, "You know...for the longest time I thought it was my dream for the world to know my name...but this friend of mine helped me realize...my dream was just to be remembered...and he did...he remembered me."

More "Awws," rang out from the audience.

"He's not just here today to support me as he always has but he's here today to join the band. Well, more like I'm finally being able to force him to join the band."

"Shut up!" Steph screeched, "We get to see Psych joining the band? Danny must be so lucky!"

"Now then, Gotham City, give a warm welcome to Psych!"

The heroes jaws fell open when none other than Danny ran out onto the stage.

Danny had his black guitar on his back, the strap a black leather with constellations on them. He wore black leather jeans, black worn converse and a loose black crop top. He looked younger than he did in the other portals they'd seen him in, he had eyeshadow serving as a mask almost that framed his piercing blue eyes majestically. His hair was a lot shorter than they'd seen and it was untamable, sticking up in every direction.

Half of John was aghast at what his son was wearing while the other half was warmed and weeping over the fact that just like him his boy was in a band.

"Good evenin' Gotham City!" He laughed into the mic.

The crowd shrieked with cheers for the newcomer.

"You can call me Psych," He grinned sharply, "And it'll be my pleasure to sing for you tonight."

"I love you Psych!" Someone from the crowd screamed.

"Why thank you, darlin,'" Danny chuckled.

"Ya ready, Psych?" Ember grinned, making sure her guitar was tuned.

"Ember picked out our song for tonight and I cannot wait to perform it for you."

"It'll be a riot," Ember beamed.

next song

Ember grinned, the grin wicked and sharp, beginning to play the guitar, 13 playing the drums.

Both she and Kitty began to vocalize a melody, the noise almost siren esque.

"Candy~"

Danny sang...his son began to sing. His voice was soft and airy and perfect...everything about him was just perfect.

"She's sweet like candy in my veins

Baby, I'm dying for another taste

And every night my mind is runnin' 'round her

Thunder's getting louder and louder~"

The special effects caused lightning to crackle around the band.

Bruce caught the annoyance that flashed through Danny's eyes as he continued singing.

"Baby you're like lightning in a bottle

I can't let you go now that I got it

And all I need is to be struck

By your electric love~"

Danny continued to sing but it seemed like his voice was caught onto something in particular, gaze locked onto something in the venue, his steely gaze intense and focused.

"Baby, your electric love."

"Ah," Ember and Kitty sang together.

"Electric love~"

"Ah-ah," Ember and Kitty shared a wicked but also giddy grin as Danny began to smirk as he sang.

"Drown me~"

"Drown me," The girls and 13 sang.

"You make my heat beat like the rain~"

Water fell from the ceiling onto the band, the teens drenched. Danny's hair fell over his eyes but he whipped it back, wet hair framing his face angelically, black makeup around his eyes beginning to hauntingly beautifully run down his face.

"Surround me," Danny sang.

"Oh," The girls sang.

"Hold me deep beneath your waves

And every night my mind is runnin' 'round her

Thunder's getting louder and louder and louder

Baby, you're like lightning in a bottle

I can't let you go now that I got it

And all I need is to be struck

By your electric love

Baby, your electric love~"

"Ah."

"Electric love~"

"Ah-ah."

Danny continued to stare at whatever it was that that captured his attention as Ember played the guitar.

"Rushin' through me."

He sang to a sold out venue...but it seemed like he was only singing to whatever had fascinated and captured his attention so.

"'Feel your energy rushin' through me

I feel your energy rushing through me

Baby, you're like lightnin' in a bottle

I can't let you go now that I got it

And all I need is to be struck

By your electric love

Baby, your electric~"

"Ah~"

"Baby, your electric-"

The stage was plunged into darkness.

John jumped in alarm, startled at having so abruptly lost sight of his son.

"Because of your uproarious applause!" Ember called out to the crowd, lights turning back on, "We've decided to do one last song for y'all! It's definitely not 'cause the other band cancelled," She muttered not so quietly, the crowd laughing.

last song

Immediately Ember and Danny began to play the guitar, 13 banging on the drums, Kitty vocalizing as they did so before Ember started to sing.

"'ve got a figure like a pin-up

Got a figure like a doll

Don't care if you think I'm dumb

I don't care at all~"

She undid her hair, blue flaming locks falling against her back.

"Candy bear, sweetie pie

I wanna be adored

I'm the girl you'd die for~"

She sang to Danny, gingerly caressing his chest, John shifting uncomfortably at someone being so...touchy with his son.

"I'll chew you up and I'll spit you out

'Cause that's what young love is all about~"

Danny grinned as he continued to play, winking at her.

"So pull me closer~"

Danny did just that, continuing to play the guitar as he pulled Ember against his side.

"And kiss me hard~"

Ember moved in to kiss Danny, John letting out a horrified scream before she was shoving him away, pointing at him as she continued to sing.

"I'm gonna pop your bubblegum heart!

I'm Miss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lips!

Hit me with your sweet love

Steal me with a kiss

I'm Miss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lips!

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch!"

Kitty continued to vocalize as Ember grinned at Danny and mouthed at him, the heroes working out what she said, 'Thanks for playing along, Babypop.'

'Anytime, darlin,'' Danny mouthed back with a wicked grin and wink.

Ember laughed before she continued to sing.

"Queentex, latex, I'm your wonder maid

Life gave me some lemons, so I made some lemonade

Soda pop, soda pop, baby, here I come

Straight to number one~"

The flames in her hair flared as she whipped her hair around her.

"Oh, 'Dear diary,' I met a boy!"

She sang solely to Danny now.

"He made my doll heart light up with joy!"

Danny seemed to soften as he continued to shred the guitar, looking to her fondly as lights flashed around them.

"Oh, 'Dear diary,' we fell apart

Welcome to the life of Electra Heart

I'm Miss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lip

Hit me with your sweet love

Steal me with a kiss

I'm Miss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lips

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch!"

She put her mic back into the mic stand, toxic green eyes peering into Danny's clear blue ones.

"I think I want you-your American tan~"

"Oh, oh, oh~" Kitty sang.

"I think you're gonna be my biggest fan~"

"Oh, oh, oh!" Kitty and Danny sang as Danny had an elaborate guitar solo.

"I'm MIss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lips," Ember continued to sing, "Hit me with your sweet love

Steal me with a kiss

I'm Miss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lips

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch

I'm Miss Sugar Pink liquor, liquor lips

Hit me with your sweet love

Steal me with a kiss

I'm Miss Sugar Pink, liquor, liquor lips

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch

I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch!"

"Thank you Gotham!"  13 bellowed over the thunderous applause, "And good night!"

Lightning crackled in Danny's hands, the boy pointing it into the sky, sending up a sparkler that illuminated the sky as the stage was once again plunged into darkness.

Everyone was startled but impressed by the display of magic, Zatanna's spell automatically following Danny and the rest of the band as they made their way backstage.

"Heya, Babypop," Ember nudged Danny playfully, "Thanks for being such a good sport."

"Oh, you know me, I love being flirted with," Danny grinned.

John let out a stilted, startled snicker.

"I'll be back."

"Oh, does this have to do with the gentleman you were serenading~" Kitty teased.

"Uh, more along the lines of security was trynna kick 'im out," Danny called over his shoulder, "Be right back!"

"Someone with problems with authority?" 13 pretended to wipe away his tear, "Turns out I really am his type."

John let out a shrill and sudden shriek of alarm at the realization that it was confirmed 13 and Kitty had dated his son and there were rumors this Ember was dating him too. No...no, no, no that wasn't allowed!

The portal view followed Danny, showing him parkour over supplies.

"He'd make a good Bat," Tim remarked.

"No!" John hissed, "You are not poaching my son!"

"I promise I won't," Bruce lamented.

Eventually Danny slowed and rounded a corner where a teen was being manhandled by security.

"What seems to be the problem here?" Danny rose a brow.

"Nothin' to worry 'bout, sir," One of the security members bristled, turning and revealing that the teen was-

"Jason!" Dick beamed.

"Jason was serenaded by Psych?!" Steph screamed, "I have never been more jealous of someone!"

"This one just hopped the fence so we're throwin' him out."

"There's no need for that," Danny said coldly, "He's with me."

"The hell I am!" Jason snapped.

"Be a good boy and pipe down," Danny met Jason's gaze.

To everyone's surprise Jason fell silent, looking to Danny with awe, his face burning red.

"They better not be dating," Bruce muttered immediately.

"Excuse you?" John scoffed, "My son is a catch. It's me who doesn't want me boy dating yours!"

"Mr. Psych, this is really improper-"

"You're working security in Gotham shouldn't you be on the look out for Penguin or something?"

"We're doing our jobs."

"Alright fine, then it's time to do mine," Danny said, voice somehow growing colder, "Y'know what Psych is short for?"

"No-"

"It's short for Psychopomp."

John, Zatanna and Billy all gasped.

"Y'know what that means?"

"No-"

"It means I'm a guide for souls."

The rest of the heroes caught onto this meaning, eyes widening.

"Souls as in dead people, souls as in ghosts...and your ghosts well...they've come knockin.'"

"..." The two security guards were silent, looking to him with eyes blown wide.

"I get you're trying to be better people, gettin' out of the goonian and all that and your parents are very proud of you but they're still really sad it took Batman breaking each of your arms in three different places to be inspired to change."

"How-"

"Can you...get out of here and take him with you?" One of the security guards asked Jason.

"I think I just fell in love," Jason sighed dreamily.

Horrified screeching rang in John's head and he'd later learn out of his mouth too.

"I'm very flattered," Danny winked, "C'mon, let's let Joey and Cody get on outta here."

"How does he know our names?" The security guards hissed as they hurried off.

"Um...thanks for the help," Jason said awkwardly, "Is there...any way I can repay you? I'm not some bum y'know, I've got money."

"Money, huh?" Danny grinned, "Then how about treating me to dinner?"

"Smooth," Dick hissed lowly.

"And why should I do that?" Jason crossed his arms, "I mean, I'm a pretty busy guy and all you did was sing to me and rescue me from those security guards."

"All I did?"

Danny gasped in mock offense, hand over his heart.

"In a crowd of people...I spotted you."

"What a line," Jason blurted out, "Sorry that was...nerdy."

"I like nerdy," Danny grinned, "C'mon, imma get changed and we can head out."

"Wait, are we really doing this?" Jason hurried after him, "I'm busy."

"With what, Jason Todd?" Danny turned, looking over his shoulder, "Planning your revenge?"

"Yes, actually," Jason's eyes lightened to a familiar toxic green hue, "Now. Who are you?" He questioned with a growl.

"My name is Danny," The teen introduced, "And you, my dear revenant, need my help."

"Revenant..." Billy murmured, "He knows Jason's died."

"Help?" Jason scoffed, "How could you possibly help me?"

"You wanna torment your dad, don't ya?" Danny grinned cheekily.

It was here that the Batclan members noticed Jason was distinctly sixteen years old looking. As in how old he was when...when he came back with vengeance and rage boiling within him, well...more than now. Sixteen...as in how old Jason was when he seized control of Crime Alley in all of two hours.

"What do you know about that?" Jason crossed his arms.

"Oh," Danny grinned, "I know a thing or two about haunting your parents."

Bruce's eyes narrowed with he didn't know, suspicion, perhaps? There had just been something about the way Danny had said that, something that...set something off in Bruce's head.

"So, what do you plan on doing to daddy dearest?"

"He's not my dad," Jason denied immediately, Bruce flinched minutely.

"Sure," Danny drawled, "So, got any revenge plans?"

Jason faltered and glared at Danny's back.

"Yes, actually," He hissed.

"This is gonna be good," Danny muttered.

"I'm gonna kill the Joker and my replacement."

Tim's eyes widened.

"Really?" Danny arched a brow, looking over his shoulder, "What's the new Robin ever done to you?"

"Exist," Jason blanched.

"Think harder on your plans of revenge," Danny advised.

"My plans are great," Jason hissed.

"Your plans are irrational and improbable, fueled by rage that doesn't belong to you," Danny said casually entering a green room, "Stay here while I change," He hummed, stepping behind a wall, grabbing some clothes lying around.

"My...rage," Jason breathed out, "It's gone. What've you done to me?" His tone grew more aggressive.

"Relax, darlin,'" Danny stepped out from behind the wall in only jeans with wide legs and red converse, pulling his shirt on over him, the loose crop showing off his subtle abs, Jason staring at him with wide eyes.

John was close to ripping out his hair, hardly managing to stifle his hysterical screeching.

"How'd you get your makeup off so fast?" Jason blurted out.

"Magic," Danny shrugged.

"What did you do to me?" Jason asked, following Danny out of the room.

"I got rid of the rage that wasn't yours," Danny said, "There will still be rage from time to time, most of it yours, some of it his."

"His?" Jason repeated.

"Phantom, King of the Infinite Realm," Danny said casually as if he weren't rocking John's world.

"Phantom said he didn't know Danny," Barry blurted out.

"He said he knew nothing about Daniel Constantine...it's possible he didn't know they were the same person," Clark remarked.

"I don't know what the 'Infinite Realm' is but 'King' sounds important? How you know the guy?" Jason wondered.

"That's date two kind of talk~" Danny sang.

"So," Jason huffed fondly, "Where am I taking you on this date?"

"You're the local, what's good?" Danny was grinning.

Zatanna's magic and spell fizzled out, the moment in time fading to black, leaving the cave in stupefied silence.

"Are...Danny and Jason...dating?" Dick muttered, eyes blown wide.

John's horrified screaming echoed throughout the cave.
Notes:

    ember in my fic is mexican and her fit was inspired by this art of annabeth in this popstar!au

    johnny's fit was inspired by this art of sirius black in this band!au

    and in this fic kitty is dominican and her fit was inspired by this art of sirius black in this band!au and her canon clothes

    danny's fit is inspired by this art of regulus black in this band!au

    the beginning of an epic love

    a win is a win

    honestly theyre so horrified

    next chapter: a flashback of danny and jason's first date and the waynes preparing for the gala and the arrival of danny + more cores content

Chapter 10
Notes:

    so true kiraro so true

(See the end of the chapter for more notes.)
Chapter Text

Each day that passed, each day that got him closer to the weekend and to returning to Gotham to Jason was a day to rejoice.

Jason who was...everything to him.

Jason...his best friend.

Jason...his truest love.

Danny softened, smiling to himself, remembering their first date.

From the moment Danny had looked out to the sea of people cheering him and Ember and Johnny and Kitty on...and he had locked eyes with Jason...he had fallen. He had fallen like an angel crashing to earth, like Crowley, he fell in a ball of fire and light. He had fallen into love.

He had sang in front of a crowd of people for the first time ever...but he had sun solely to him.

He had known him the first moment he saw him.

Jason Todd, the boy Death had released.

Danny could...feel himself within him, knowing he had been resurrected from a pool of his blood, Lazarus Pits, they had been named.

But in that moment...Danny didn't care that he was the Ghost King serenading a revenant...he was just a boy...serenading another boy.

When he had heroically swooped in and scared those security guards away from Jason as well as cleansing his rage from the other teen and Jason had offered to repay him some way Danny had made a bold move to suggest treating him to dinner.

Not to mention what had happened after where Danny had been seemingly possessed by Ghost Writer to utter the most romantic words ever, "In a crowd of people...I spotted you."

It had been risky, admitting he knew Jason's name and what he was but...there was something about Jason that dared Danny to take those risks.

They had ended up going to.a 'Batburger' in Crime Alley and...Danny had a great time.

"So," Danny hummed as they waited for their food, "You think more on your plans of revenge?"

"Honestly? No, I'm still curious about this 'King Phantom.'"

"You wanna know about him?" Danny wondered.

"Who wouldn't want to know about the man whose rage you've felt since you were resurrected?"

"That's a good point, I suppose," Danny had laughed, "But alright, I'll tell you some of his lore. King Phantom is the High King of the Infinite Realm. And the Infinite Realm is the afterlife."

"Like...Hell? Or the Underworld?"

"Hell and the Underworld are essentially kingdoms or lands within the Infinite Realm," Danny explained, "The Infinite Realm is a combination of every afterlife and realms inbetween."

"And this 'Phantom' rules it all?" Jason whistled, impressed, "But...why was his rage mine?"

"Phantom has been documented to exist in every era of the world. He's been seen in Aztec carvings and cave art, he's been sculpted by Michelangelo and painted by da Vinci and Van Gogh, he has been a muse throughout the eons, existing always. And there is legend that at the dawn of man...King Phantom was lost, dying, weak. He was nursed back to help but he had bled. His blood seeped into the soil of the world and it collected in places, Lazarus Pits, you call them."

"..." Jason's eyes were blown wide.

"You were born of his blood."

Danny said the words softly.

"Or...more accurately you were born anew of his blood."

"Another incredible line," Jason remarked, "But wait, I'm sorry the Lazarus Pits...are some king's blood?!"

"Yes," Danny said, smiling happily as their food arrived.

"And his rage...latched onto me? Why?"

"As he bled...he cried and he raged against the world," Danny said, "He had been betrayed and torn open by those he had loved...his betrayal and sorrow and wrath was in his blood as it seeped into the earth...and some people who are resurrected from his blood...are susceptible to his rage."

"Wanna...talk about something else?" Jason suggested, "I think you were right about some of the heavier stuff being date two kind of conversation."

"You're so right," Danny grinned.

"So...you're a rockstar?" Jason rose a brow.

"Somethin' like that," Danny shrugged with a casual smirk.

"'Somethin' like that?'" He asked, "I heard that lead singer say she forced you to join the band. How'd she manage that?"

"I kinda blew up a couple of Ember's venues so I owed her," Danny admitted with a sheepish grin.

"Hot," Jason sighed dreamily.

Danny threw his head back as he laughed, feeling lighter than he had in a long time.

"Danny, are you packing?" Vlad poked his head into Danny's room, startling him out of his memories.

"Yeah," Danny called over his shoulder.

"Don't forget to pack a nice suit," Vlad said.

"Am I supposed to fold them?" Danny wondered, "Wouldn't that be bad?"

"Just lay it on your bed, we can teleport all our stuff to the hotel in Gotham."

"Okay," Danny smiled.

"You excited to see your boyfriend?"

"Beyond excited," Danny beamed.

His phone began to buzz in his pocket, Danny taking it out and noting the Called ID Boo Thang~ 

"Oh, this is him now."

"I know...I wasn't quite accepting of him before," Vlad sat next to Danny on his bed, giving the boy a side hug, "But that's only because I don't think anyone's good enough for you."

"Thanks, Vlad," Danny drawled sarcastically.

"What I mean is...I've grown to like Jason and...I do think him worthy of you...I'm happy for you," Vlad kissed the top of Danny's head before rising and making his way to the door.

"Hey, Vlad?" Danny called out to him, he turned back, fond smile on his face, "I love you."

"I love you too, Little Badger."

Danny smiled as Vlad left before directing his attention to his still buzzing phone.

"Jason," Danny answered his call, fond smile on his face.

"Babe, why didn't you tell me?"

"Tell you what?" Danny wondered.

"About Constantine?"

"I thought you didn't want to know about the details of life in the Infinite Realm?" Danny frowned.

"What does he have to do with the Infinite Realm?"

"I just returned ownership of his soul to him."

"For...what reason?"

"Because I didn't want it?" Danny rose a brow, "Jason, what's going on?"

"I have...world altering news but it's not the kind of news that can be delivered over the phone. I'll tell you when I see you at the gala."

"Alright," Danny lamented, "So~" He sang, "Whatcha up to?"

Jason laughed and he answered, the boyfriends spending the rest of the night talking.

─────  ｢ ⊙ ｣  ─────

John was...stressing about his son coming to Gotham in a few days.

He spent a lot of time pacing a lot of time planning a lot of time hoping.

"Do you wanna go over topics again?" Tim asked with an easy and gentle smile.

"Yes," John said desperately.

"Madeline."

"Danny's mother, my former lover, and...recently deceased which means I probably shouldn't talk about her."

"Jack?"

"The man who raised Danny, someone I once considered my best friend, and deceased which means I also probably shouldn't talk much about him."

"Jasmine?"

"Jasmine is Danny's older sister," John answered dutifully, "Deceased so she's a sensitive topic. She was employed at Arkham Asylum as a psychiatrist and worked closely with Riddler, Harley Quinn and other notable Gotham Rogues."

"Vlad?"

"Danny's godfather, another someone I once considered a dear friend and the man who currently has custody of my son-do you think Danny views him as a father?" John veered off, horror etched into his features.

"Who's Wes?" Tim cut into his spiraling.

"Danny's friend even though we did see he filed a restraining order for stalking."

"Valerie?"

"Danny's friend and according to social media ex-girlfriend," He said the last words tightly.

"13?"

"Danny's bandmate and ex-boyfriend," Once again his features tightened.

"Kitty?"

"Danny's bandmate and ex-girlfriend," John hated the idea of anyone dating his kid.

"Ember?"

"Bandmate and maybe girlfriend?"

"Samantha?"

"Danny's rich friend who's notably an ultra-vegetarian."

"Tucker?"

"He's been Danny's best friend since they were seemingly toddlers."

Tim continually asked John questions until he calmed down, asking him facts again when he would get overwhelmed.

"Everything has to be perfect!" John stressed, inspecting Alfred's plans for the set up in the gala, set to take place in the courtyard of Wayne manor.

"I assure you, things will be," Alfred rose a brow, "As they always are."

"R-right," John shook his head, trying to snap himself out of his panic, "Sorry, I'm just-"

"Anxious, we know," Bruce said with fondness in his gaze.
Notes:

    someone yell (gently) at me to do my homework

    really hyped to eventually write this dynamic

    next chapter: danny's first day and night in gotham

Actions

    ↑ Top 

    Comments (383) 

Kudos

RenMoreau, EternalLector, BunkBuddyLucifer, chiffenysh, Ying_shi, Fire_Flight99, Unclerickisthereasonimalive, TheLadyBlueWolf, Sapphire_2006, Meh_g1n, Beannez, SundayMonkey, PokegirlQc, MARU_KARU_2_16, Knara890, Murphy_still_waiting, Cat_Lover16, popslea, Kowzgomoo911, Northstargamer, Becca095231, Felixnavida, PapaMike, Pleiades_o, Redraccoon123, That_One_Black_Cat, Kamari_Asta_Ryuu_Kaida_Makatza_Valaxon, EdnaModesPersonalAssistant, Evix_Syne666, Morbidiacangel, Gay__Moonlight, PinkBee13, SugarWeasel, Snookums001, EveYueRen, Qubli, Master2580, Chaotic_Void, PithiusLeft, Rosealles, Victoria31, Clara_Wynters, Amber1Reads, Kaiden_74, justdawn8, Cheshirecat1331, CrazyJanaCat, Anellesti, Supernatural_4_ever, DISPAIRE, and 2759 more users as well as 853 guests left kudos on this work!
Comments
Post Comment

Note:
    All fields are required. Your email address will not be published.
Guest name
Guest email

(Plain text with limited HTML ?)

Comment

10000 characters left

Footer

    About the Archive
        Site Map
        Diversity Statement
        Terms of Service
        Content Policy
        Privacy Policy
        DMCA Policy
    Contact Us
        Policy Questions & Abuse Reports
        Technical Support & Feedback
    Development
        otwarchive v0.9.403.4
        Known Issues
        GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW

